Dive into Hanoi's pulsating city streets, and you'll capture the essence of Vietnamese life. The country's capital is a burgeoning economic center that still clings strongly to traditional culture, managing to be a showcase of both old and modern Vietnam.
The old quarter district hums with street vendor action; the cafés and restaurants are vibrant, contemporary scenes; and just trying to cross a road here can end up being an adrenaline-fueled escapade.
When the crowds begin to wear you down, Hanoi has a bundle of places to visit where you can escape for some peace. Hoan Kiem Lake is a relaxing respite right within the city, while the Temple of Literature and Vietnam Museum of Ethnology provide plenty of opportunities to reflect on Vietnam's grand history.
For more ideas on things to do, see our list of the top attractions in Hanoi.
See also: Where to Stay in Hanoi
Note: Some businesses may be temporarily closed due to recent global health and safety issues.


For many visitors to Vietnam's capital, the major attraction is strolling the streets of the city's ancient core. This labyrinthine quarter of narrow alleys is the commercial heartbeat of town and has a history that stretches back 1,000 years.
It's a delightfully dilapidated place, where the odd piece of medieval era architecture has managed to cling on within the modern hubbub of whizzing motorbikes, street vendors, and pulsating commerce.
If you look up while you're wandering, the area has plenty of vernacular shophouse architecture, where merchants would traditionally live above their shops in very long but narrow two-storey dwellings, squeezed together on the alleyway rows. The backstreets here are a great opportunity to soak up the buzz of Hanoi street life.
As well as there being plenty of street food on offer and lots of pavement vendors selling fruits and vegetables, there are also stalls selling traditional medicines and Buddhist religious trappings.
A relic of French Colonial rule, right in the heart of the old town quarter, St. Joseph's Cathedral (Nha Tho Street) was built in 1886 and is a fine example of neo-Gothic architectural style. The façade is intricately decorated, with two bell towers, while inside are some delicate stained glass window details. The main entrance is kept locked except for mass. At other times, you can access the interior of the church from the back through the offices for the Diocese of Hanoi.


Hanoi's most well-known landmark is tranquil Hoan Kiem Lake, nestled just on the southern edge of the old town quarter. The major tourist attraction upon the lake is the small island (reached by a red bridge) that holds Ngoc Son Temple, dedicated to three grand figures from Vietnamese history: La To (revered as a patron saint of physicians); the renowned scholar Van Xuong; and the 13th-century general Tran Hung Dao, who fought against the invading Mongol army.
Another tiny island on the southern section of the lake holds the stocky Turtle Tower - best viewed from the bridge.
Address: Dinh Tien Hoang Street


The city's most interesting religious building is this beautiful and incredibly peaceful Confucian temple, originally built as a university in the 11th century. Today, the Temple of Literature stands as a tribute to the nation's scholars.
It was here, in the medieval era, that the philosophy of Confucianism and literature was taught, and near the entranceway, you can still see the names of students who studied here, etched into a series of pillars. Inside, a series of manicured gardens lead to pavilions and a well-preserved pagoda where a statue of Confucius sits.
Address: Quoc Tu Giam Street


A place of pilgrimage for many Vietnamese, the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum is a sprawling complex set within the city's gardens that contains the tomb of Ho Chi Minh as well as various museums and monuments. The actual mausoleum itself is an austere marble building where Ho Chi Minh's embalmed body sits in a glass case.
Also within the complex is the Ho Chi Minh Museum, which has an eclectic collection containing Ho Chi Minh's personal memorabilia as well as plenty of information on the history of the Vietnamese Revolution.
Also worth a visit is the stilt house, once home to Ho Chi Minh, which is excellently preserved, and the One Pillar Pagoda. This pagoda is a reconstruction of the original 11th-century temple, which was destroyed by French colonial troops.
Address: Ngoc Ha Street
Official site: www.baotanghochiminh.vn


A must for museum fans and history lovers, Hanoi's Vietnam Museum of Ethnology houses the extensive national collection and tells the story of Vietnam's diverse cultures in a series of excellently well-curated exhibits. Here, the huge number of ethnic minorities who call Vietnam home are highlighted with beautiful displays of artifacts and art that showcase wooden carving, metalwork, and traditional costumes.
The garden area outside the main building holds some of the most interesting exhibits. Here, you can see the rural dwellings used by different ethnic minorities across Vietnam, as well as the fascinating Giarai tomb.
Address: Nguyen Van Huyen Street
Official site: www.vme.org.vn


Built by the French colonial government in the late 19th century, Hoa Lo Prison Museum was originally used to harbor Vietnamese revolutionaries and any dissidents of the French rule. For many foreign visitors though, it's better known as the prison where American POWs were held during the Vietnam War. The most famous foreign ex-resident of the prison is John McCain.
The prison grounds contain the communal jail cells, solitary cells, and courtyard, and the guillotine used by the French is also on display. There is a plethora of information here on Vietnam's long battle against France's colonial rule that details the brutal regime prisoners here were kept under.
Two rooms also tell the story of the American POWs held here, with a video documenting their imprisonment and eventual release along with personal mementos of the prisoners.
Address: Hoa Lo Street


Hanoi's water puppet shows are a great way to sample traditional Vietnamese artistry and entertainment and are an excellent evening activity if you have children in tow. This ancient art form first evolved in Vietnam's rural areas during the months of the monsoon paddy field flooding, and today, it is now mostly performed in custom-made water pools rather than outside.
Performances usually center around well-known local legends and are accompanied by a live band using traditional Vietnamese instruments. Hanoi is the heartland of contemporary water puppet theater with five shows daily at the Municipal Water Puppet Theatre.
Address: Dinh Tien Hoang Street
Official site: www.thanglongwaterpuppet.org


The courtyard outside this museum displays an eclectic mix of weaponry and military machines including downed French and US planes, tanks, and a Soviet MiG fighter plane. Inside the actual building is a huge amount of information on the wars with both France and the USA, along with exhibits of weaponry, which will be of interest to those with a penchant for Vietnam's 20th-century history.
For the average visitor though, the displays and information panels are not particularly well set out, and many find the museum most worth a look for its courtyard clutter of planes around a stocky flag tower.
Address: Dien Bien Phu Street


Art lovers and museum fans definitely need to make a pit stop at this museum that holds a collection of Vietnamese artistry from the prehistoric age right up to the country's contemporary artists.
Some of the treasures on display here include terracotta and stone sculptures dating from the Tran Dynasty and Champa Dynasty, Buddha statues from the Mac and Le Dynasties, and the intricate statues of the goddess Guan Yin. There is also an extensive collection of 11th- and 12th-century ceramic work and a substantial gallery devoted to folk art.
Address: Nguyen Thai Hoc Street
Official site: www.vnfam.vn


Although it may not look like much at first, Hanoi's Imperial Citadel area was once the vital seat of military power here, and continued in an important strategic role right up to the 1960s and the Vietnam War.
The site achieved UNESCO World Heritage Site recognition in 2010 for its long role in Hanoi's past, and the area's 1,000 years of history are highlighted by archaeological work that has unearthed the foundations of various palaces that once stood on this spot. There's also a bunker here that dates from the Vietnam War where military maps and implements are displayed.
Address: Hoang Dieu Street
Official site: www.hoangthanhthanglong.vn


Tay Ho (West Lake) is Hanoi's largest lake, and its shoreline stretches for 15 kilometers. Many locals come here to exercise by walking or cycling the pathway that rings the shore, but there's also two interesting temples in the vicinity.
Tay Ho Pagoda is exceedingly pretty and dedicated to the mother goddess and Tran Quoc Pagoda is one of the oldest still-standing temples in Vietnam (although it has been rebuilt several times).
For most travelers, West Lake is a great place to get a skyline view of new Hanoi, as well as to feast on fresh seafood at one of the many restaurants that sit close to the shore. West Lake lies off Thuy Khue Street.


For anyone interested in what life must have been like for Hanoi's locals during an earlier age, a trip to Memorial House is a must-do while in the city. This finely-restored merchant house sits in the old town quarter and has been furnished to look like a typical merchant's home, brimming with antiques and everyday objects from centuries prior.
The house has plenty of traditional architectural features, set between courtyards to give outdoor space and set out according to the ancient tradition of feng shui, which allows good energy flow into the house. In some of the rooms, you can watch traditional craftspeople in residence work at calligraphy and basketry crafts.
Address: Ma May Street
We recommend these high-quality hotels in Hanoi close to top attractions like the Old Town Quarter:
Located in the north of the country, Hanoi actually enjoys a "cold" season, when temperatures drop into the teens. With changes in humidity and sometimes strong winds coming from the river, nights can feel chilly in Hanoi in the months between November to February. This is usually the best time to visit Vietnam in general, as the weather is dry and pleasant, ideal for long walks around Hoan Kiem Lake and the narrow alleyways of Old Town Quarter.
If you'd rather experience warmer days, March, April, and October are good options as well. You'll get plenty of sunshine, temperatures in the high 20s, and a more bearable level of humidity - you'll also see higher prices, as these are popular months to visit Hanoi.
Strong rainstorms and sometimes flooding hit Hanoi in August and September - but rains start as early as May and sometimes run into early October. These are the months to avoid, as heavy downpours make it difficult to spend lots of time outside.
In addition, June, July, and August are considered Hanoi's summer months. This means temperatures that often climb into the 40s and lots of mosquitoes. The rains only make it worse, as they raise the humidity level and make the air heavy and outdoor activities difficult. As a general rule, if you're going to visit Hanoi, visit at any time except these three months.




HELP ME PLAN MY TRIP
>
>

To travel to Ha Giang is to travel the Ha Giang Loop which is actually the Happiness Road that connects Dong Van and Meo Vac through the King off All Passes – Ma Pi Leng Pass. Happy Road has a long and heroic history of itself starting from the days even before its birth. Ha Giang without a road was so remote to travel to that no one ever thought of coming to Ha Giang for tourism purposes.

Many volunteers, workers from several ethnic groups had joined hands to open the toughest mountain road in Vietnam, very first road in Ha Giang. Some of them sacrificed their lives on the span of 7 years of making this road. The name of the road is also the wish for happiness that the local people here sent to the future.



Quan Ba Twin Mountains are a lovely sight to behold from the road. The two round-shaped green hills lying side by side on the middle of the rice field will sure will catch your eyes because of its charming appearance.
Right near the Twin Mountains lies the Heaven Gate which is on a height of 1500m above sea level, offering breathtaking views of the valley below. It’s such a wonderful experience to take in such scenery during your trip. You can stop at Quan Ba to a quick rest before go up the winding road to Dong Van Karst Plateau.




One of the mysterious things in Dong Van Rock Plateau is the scripts found on many rocks – ancient letters but until now, the meanings to these letters are left unknown.

If you think Ha Giang don't have graceful golden terraced rice fields like Sapa or Mu Cang Chai, we gladly to let you know that Hoang Su Phi in Ha Giang has some of the most dramatic and scenic terraced rice fields in Vietnam.
Hoang Su Phi is a district in the western of Ha Giang Province, at the foot of Tay Con Linh Mountain. Thanks to its geographic characteristics, coming to Hoang Su Phi during harvest season, travelers will have the chance to see the golden terraces covered in the white clouds.
The terraced fields has long been considered as the artworks of the locals' hard work and no longer just agricultural cultivation. Hoang Su Phi offers breathtaking views of layers and layers of rice fields on mountain after mountain.
*When is the best time to visit Hoang Su Phi?
Late September and October is the best time to visit and to witness the terraced fields turning golden and the hard labor of the people during harvest time.

The ethnic people, including Hmong, Tay, Nung and Hoa ethnic minorities stay true to their identity and tradition by dressing with their finest costumes to attend the weekly fair market. The event is a chance for local people to purchase their tribal goods, self-grown li, socialize, and eat good foods. It’s a very local, friendly atmosphere and you’ll find yourself enjoying the market in no time. So why not set your alarm and wake up earlier to join the one of the most important fair markets in North Vietnam? You won’t be disappointed.

The road up to Dong Van is already hard, the road up to Lung Cu flagpole is even harder, car or motorbike. Once you reach the flagpole’s entrance, you’ll have to climb almost 400 steps to reach the actually flagpole. Continue to climb some more steps, the views on the top will reward your effort.
Lung Cu is a great place to take panoramic photos of Dong Van, Ha Giang, especially the winding Happiness Road below.
Note: Foreigners visiting Lung cu Flagpole will have to get a permit. Book tour with Asianway Travel, you won’t have to worry about this issue.

*Admission: 20,000VND per person
The 100-year-old Dong Van Old Quarter is the highest old quarter in Vietnam with the typical Chinese architecture on the dramatic backdrop of sheer mountains and green rice fields. Most of the houses in the Old Quarter are Trinh Tuong Houses, lived in by Hmong, Tay, Kinh, Zao, Hoa ethnic people. These age-old houses has two floors of which the first floor often is opened for small business like restaurant or store, the second floor is used for living.
The old quarter is also the place the Night of Old Quarter takes place on three nights on 14th, 15th, 16th lunar days of March. It’s when the local people hang their red lanterns, showcase their traditional brocade products, foods and perform cultural activities. It’s a great opportunity to visit Ha Giang during this time.



The Vuong family’s mansion is just like a stone castle among the nature, protected by the high canopy of special trees in Ha Giang. The mansion itself is a masterpiece of architecture, taking 10 years of construction to finish as it’s seen nowadays. At the time the mansion was built, the amount of money spent on its expense was considered a very large sum which equalizes about 150 billion of Vietnam Dong.

Vuong mansion was built by the skillful of craftsmen who came from Yunnan (China) along with the best of the H’Mong workers. Therefore, the structure has architecture of China reign of Thanh combined with essence of the H’Mong.
*Admission: 20,000VND per person


Once you are on the 20-km long Ma Pi Leng Pass, make sure you know when to stop for a picture of Tu San Canyon. Why this particularly canyon is such a big deal? It’s the deepest canyon of all Dong Van Karst Plateau with the famous and poetic green Nho Que river running through its two grey cliffs.
Looking down at the canyon from the pass will blow your mind because of the grandeur of nature. Take a camera with you to capture your special moment.

Lung Cam Village is also the village where the famous house of Pao in the famous movie Story of Pao is located. The house is opened for visit with admission of 10,000VND per person.
The village is nested in a very romantic valley with 61 households in total of which are 53 households of Hmong ethnic people. Coming to Lung Cam village, visitors can enjoy the idyllic landscape and the peaceful way for life of the locals.
>>> Ready to see the magnificence of Ha Giang? Click to see our best tour:


 
Au Tau Porridge as known as bitter porridge is a specialty of Ha Giang, can be found everywhere from Ha Giang City to Dong Van plateau. A bowl of au tau has literally everything in it from all flavors of au tau and spice leaves to the balance of rice, herbs and meat…. This dish is also a medicine to cure sick and cold.

Dried buffalo meat is famous in northwest Vietnam, not only in Ha Giang. This dish is a specialty of Black Thai people. The buffalo meat will be marinated then hung on the wooden bars on top of the kitchen's fire. The smell of charcoal remains with the flavors of peppers, ginger and “mac khen” – a kind of forest pepper in northwest Vietnam.
Foods made from buckwheat flowers (Tam Giac Mach flowers) are Ha Giang's specialty. Tam Giac Mach is known not only for  its beauties but also for its tastiness. You can find many food-stall selling coal grilled Tam Giac Mach cake near Lung Cam cultural village, Vuong King palace, Dong Van market and Old Quarter. Tam Giac Mach flower is also used to make wine, cookies and soft cake….
Thang Den is a popular sweet soup dessert in Dong Van and Meo Vac, when served hot can warm your body up in the cold night on the highland's town. The small white balls made of glutinous rice are soaked in sweet syrup, topped with peanuts, sesame and coconut slices. This soup sure smells good.  


The dish is originally a traditional food of Hmong people, has become a common food among ethnic groups in the region. Thang Co’s main ingredient is horse meat. All parts of the horse are put in a big pan and fried. Men often eat Thang Co with wine while women eat the dish with com nam (rice balls) or men (ground maize).You can try the dish in Dong Van, there are some restaurants selling Thang Co, prices are varied.
Located at the northernmost region of Vietnam, Ha Giang was never an easy destination to travel to and is considered as the final frontier of Vietnam. If you are considering visiting Ha Giang by motorbike, extra preparation is needed.
Ha Giang is about 320km north of Hanoi and it would take you around 7 – 9 hours of driving. From Hanoi, several buses are available to take you to Ha Giang. The price ranges from 200,000VND (8 USD) to 300,000VND (13 USD), depending on the amenities of the bus (wifi, outlets, water and snacks, toilet, etc.).
Once you're in Ha Giang, Happiness Road is only one way available to travel to Dong Van and other districts. The steep slopes together with the crowded traffic in peak season would be dangerous if you're riding a motorbike.
You can visit Ha Giang almost all year round, but the best time is during the buckwheat flower blooming season (from October to December) when the grey mountains are covered in the pinkish color of flower field after flower field. However, Ha Giang in other month has its own authentic charms, too.
January - February: it's the time of peach and plum flowers to boom, also the time of Lunar New Year with a festive atmosphere.
April: On 27th on the third month of the year which falls in April, Ha Giang is bustling with Khau Vai annual love market.
May: this is the month the terraced rice fields in Ha Giang are flooded in water to prepare for the rice season, making a poetic scenery
September - October: the rice fields turn golden, especially the fields in Hoang Su Phi
November - December: it's the time for buckwheat flowers to bloom on the terraced fields, also the time for buckwheat flower's festival
Share this:
Tags:


Vietnam has been known as not only the safest destination to travel to Southeast Asia, but also one of the most beautiful. Having a lot to offer, both in culture and natural bea...



It would take hours to talk about the things to do in Hanoi where traditions and globalization found harmony. The 1000-year-old capital of Vietnam is blessed with rich culture, ...



Only 30km far from Da Nang, Hoi An is a favorite destination in Vietnam for many travelers for the atmospheric ancient town by the poetic river, the rustic, idyllic landscapes, ...



Since Ninh Binh was the filming location for the famous movie ‘Kong: Skull Island’, it’s such an unnecessary thing to mention how beautiful and dramatic the landscape of Ninh Bi...



Hue, the capital of imperial Vietnam for 143 years, shines with the glories of the old times. The city has a peculiar kind of conservative beauty and slow paced life style. Empe...

Beaches & Islands
Food & Drink
Itinerary
Things to do
Travel News
Travel Tips
Trendy Destinations

Ha Giang in Flower Season - 5 Days
From $ - 5 days








VIEW TRIP
Send us a quick inquiry so that we can offer you an
itinerary with price for your information. This short
inquiry is FREE and NOT a commitment
for booking.



US$ 25,668
has been contributed to local community
BE A PART OF IT
Find us on
© Asianway Travel JSC 2020- Member of Vietnam Tourism, PATA, ASTA, JATA

Written by Diana Bocco
Oct 23, 2019
We may earn a commission from affiliate links ()
A UNESCO World Heritage Site and a popular day trip from the capital Hanoi, Halong Bay is famous for its limestone karsts and almost two thousand islands and islets that dot the turquoise-green waters. While most of these islands are just towering rocks emerging from the ocean, with no place to land, many make for great climbing destinations or have caves that can be approached with boats.
Only 40 of the islands in Halong Bay are inhabited, and only a few of those are developed enough to offer hotels, restaurants, and recreational opportunities for visitors—including the larger Cat Ba Island, where most of the cruise boats dock. Still, many visitors that arrive in Halong Bay via a cruise spend their nights onboard, using the daytime to snorkel, kayak, or sunbathe.
If you're considering a trip to the area, discover the best things to do with our list of the top attractions in Halong Bay.
Note: Some businesses may be temporarily closed due to recent global health and safety issues.


There's no better way to see the beauty of Halong Bay than from the water, zigzagging among the tiny islands and towering limestone cliffs that populate the bay. But what type of cruise experience you want makes a world of difference, and the options go from quick half-day tours around the day to overnight trips leaving from the capital Hanoi.
You also have a choice of amenities: you can take a traditional junk-boat cruise with sails or a more modern yacht-style boat that's faster but less charming.
Halong Bay is located just over 140 kilometers from Hanoi, so a one-night cruise leaving from the Hanoi might be just about enough. These two-day, one-night trips are perfect if you want to just kick back and relax without having to make any plans on your own: food, accommodation, and sightseeing will all be part of the cruise ticket.
Halong Bay cruises are usually air-conditioned and offer sun loungers for an open view of the waters as you get to and then explore Halong Bay. If you get a cruise trip for two to three nights, you will probably also get the option of sleeping at a resort on one of the islands (usually Cat Ba).
When choosing a cruise, always ask what activities are included—most offer a combination of kayaking, swimming, cave exploring, onboard cooking classes, and sometimes excursions to floating villages.


Cat Ba Island is Halong Bay's largest island and the best stop if you want to do something else besides exploring the deep turquoise waters. The island is home to some nice hotels; Cat Ba National Park that covers one-third of the island; and a number of tourist attractions connected to the Vietnam War—more notably the Hospital Cave, an underground, bomb-proof hospital and safe house.
Cat Ba is also the starting point for adventurers wishing to get up close and personal with Halong Bay. This is the best place to get a kayak, join a tour to explore the caves on the island, take off on a hike through the national park (trails are clearly marked so you won't get lost), or do some rock climbing. Organized tours are available if you want to try something not included in your cruise package, but many visitors just pay a local for a ride on their boat.
Cat Ba doesn't have many roads, so walking and biking are not only the easiest and greenest ways to get around but also the best options to make sure you don't miss out on anything—including opportunities to run into giant lizards or catch sight of a rare eagle in flight.
Cat Ba also has its own three beaches that are perfect for swimming and quiet in the mornings, before cruises arrive. Between May and September, it's also possible to snorkel around the island.


Bai Tu Long is technically right next to Halong Bay, but it's an area that until recently wasn't part of the normal cruise tours. While more and more visitors are now making their way to this corner of the bay, it still mostly remains off-the-beaten-track—mainly because accessing it through the labyrinth of limestone mountains is a little trickier, so only those on a longer cruise (at least three days) will find their way here.
Since the waters around Bai Tu Long Bay aren't as crowded with large ships, you can easily (and safely) explore the area in a kayak. Bai Tu Long has a number of caves that can only be accessed from the water, as well as hidden pockets of stunning untouched beauty around almost every corner.
The island itself is covered in rain forest and mangroves, and it's home to a number of endangered species, including the leopard cat and the large Indian civet.


The clear waters of Halong Bay make snorkeling and scuba diving some of the top things to do, but the areas around Cong Do Island and Van Gio Island are especially good starting points because their isolated location means less boat traffic and a greater variety of marine species.
Cong Do Island is a favorite snorkeling destination because it has its own system of five lakes that are hidden among limestone peaks but still connect to the sea, offering a unique and diverse ecosystem.
In addition to rare corals such as red and forest corals, the island is also home to seagrass beds, the preferred living space for sea turtles and sea horses. Stone crabs, lizards, and hornbills inhabit the wet areas around the coast and can be easily spotted once you step back on land.
Once off the water, the islands also offer plenty of hiking opportunities, where you'll run into hidden lagoons and ancient trees along the way.


Sun World is Vietnam's largest amusement park, a mega recreational complex that covers 214 hectares and is divided into two sections: the Mystic Mountain Complex (also known as the Ba Deo Hill Park) and the Coastal Amusement Complex, which also includes the Typhoon Water Park.
The two sections of the park are connected by the Queen Cable Car, which rides high up over the bay and the island for two kilometers of beautiful photo opportunities.
The Coastal section of the park offers plenty of thrill rides, including a roller coaster, water rides, giant slides, and lots of options to cool off—all surrounded by its own sandy beach that gently slopes into the turquoise waters around.
At the Ba Deo park, you'll find one of the world's tallest Ferris wheels, the Sun Wheel Halong, which offers stunning views of the bay from its 64 cabins. There's also an arcade; an indoor game zone; a wax museum; and a Zen garden complete with bonsai trees, waterfalls, and a miniature Mount Fuji.


This crescent-moon shaped beach might not be the largest in Halong Bay, but it's definitely one of the most stunning. Tip Top island is a tiny islet with white sands and calm waters and can only be reached by boat from Halong Bay.
A popular rock climbing destination, the island is also a common stop for day cruises—however, boats only stop here for a couple of hours, so if you want a longer visit, rent your own boat and spend some extra time just sitting on the sand, admiring the majestic bay around you.
The island has a small shop that doubles as a mini café and also rents equipment for snorkeling and swimming, as well as beach chairs.
Covering an area of 24,000 square meters in Halong City, this mix of museum, library, and exhibition space offers a very eclectic collection that includes everything from sailboat models to items connected to Buddhist culture and the resistance effort against the French Colonial empire.
While the exhibits are clearly marked, this isn't meant to be a typical museum where you can find large collections organized into specific groups, but more of a wide insight into the land and people (including minority ethnic groups) of Halong Bay.
In addition to a massive book collection, the library also offers a screening room, theater, coffee shop, and bookstore. With reading rooms, special rooms for kids, and areas where rotating exhibits are available, this is a great complex to learn more about the city, but also a good place for a quiet break from the heat when you're in the area.


With cliffs and mountains everywhere, it's no surprise that Halong Bay also has an abundance of caves—and Driftwood Island is a particularly good spot to discover some of them.
This small island in the southwest of Halong Bay is home to two caves: the massive Thien Cung cave and the tall but less deep Dau Go grotto. Both caves are at least two million years old and have some impressive chambers—the entrance of Dau Go cave, for example, is "just" 12 meters high, but the highest dome inside reaches 25 meters tall, and it's covered in stone pillars and stalagmites.
Artificial lights have been arranged all around the caves to illuminate certain areas, especially rock formations that seem to mimic animal forms and even a deep well of clear, blue water.
Thien Cung Cave is home to three ponds, and it's illuminated with colorful lights, which creates a dancing of ghostly images on the walls as visitors walk by. Openings in the ceiling also let in natural light, and there are narrow passageways connecting different rooms for those who are more adventurous and want to explore deeper.


Located high up on a hill overlooking Bai Tu Long Bay, the large pagoda occupies an area of 20 hectares, where shrines, gates, and towers offer a spiritual break and plenty of opportunities for photo taking. Although there were temples in this location over 700 years ago, the current pagoda was completely reconstructed and expanded in 2007.
The manicured gardens of the pagoda include small ponds, bells, statues (including two large mythological creatures guarding the entrance through the gate), and plenty of secluded spots to sit and enjoy the cool breeze and the stunning views over the water.


Vung Vieng is a fishing village in the heart of Bai Tu Long Bay. Originally set up in the 19th century by local fishermen, it is home to over 300 people today—some of whom actually live inland now but still spend most of their time in the village for work. And while it's the largest of four similar floating villages in the Halong Bay area, Vung Vieng has also remained the most authentic—the village's main earnings still come from sustainable fishing rather than tourism.
Luckily for tourists, the village has also converted one of their larger floating buildings into an open center, in which visitors can attend workshops or stop by to purchase handicrafts and food.
It's also possible to get a peek into some of the houses to see what they look like and even spend the night in one of the homes (and do some night fishing with the locals) for the ultimate authentic experience.
The village can only be approached on small rowing boats, often manned by the local residents themselves.


Located just off the coast of Halong City, this tiny island of just 1,500 residents is one of the most developed tourist destinations in the area. Tuan Chau can be reached via a two-kilometer-long road that connects it to the mainland, which has made it a lot easier and convenient for visitors to stay here and get "the island experience" without having to worry about transportation.
A well-developed resort destination, the island has a golf course; beach villas; a number of restaurants; and a beautiful marina, where cruises often stop so travelers can catch a dance performance or grab some souvenirs.
A nature reserve on the island offers chances for trekking and camping, while the coastline is perfect for kayaking, water skiing, and parasailing.
Exploring Vietnam: Halong Bay is just one of the great destinations to visit in Vietnam. Other popular cities include Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City. If you're looking for beautiful beaches, see our guide to the best beaches in Vietnam. And if you are planning more of a vacation than a backpacking trip, see our list of the top beach resorts in Vietnam.




HELP ME PLAN MY TRIP
>
>
If you’re wondering what to do in Mai Chau for your upcoming trip, this Mai Chau Travel Guide is just what you need.
Mai Chau is an attractive destination not only to international tourists to Vietnam but to domestic travelers as well. The idyllic valley of Hoa Binh Province offers great day trips from Hanoi on the weekends, especially when it’s only 130km away. You’ll find yourself getting lost in the nature with green forests, gentle hills, and stilt-house villages.
Come to Mai Chau is to come to a laid-back northern village of Thai people, to be a part of a culture, a way of life so different from where you’re from. Mai Chau is indeed the place for those who seek peace of mind, a scenario without the bustling urban noises and come back to what are basics to human’s happiness – beautiful nature and friendliness of the people.
Mai Chau Valley has some serious draws for a trekking tour or cycling tour: green rice fields, mountains in the backdrop, gently flowing streams. So why not get out, get a bike or your shoes on for a great trip to the countryside. The dirt roads of Mai Chau won’t be a challenge and you can always stop to rest and admire the scenery. Get into the ethnic village to enjoy their hospitality, their authentic way of life and of course, the food.
Local hotels or homestays can guide you through to rent a bike. Trekking packages can cost more than $40 a day. Or you can just book our Mai Chau tour with 2-hour cycling/trekking tour included in the in itinerary.

You can find at Lac Village a fairly large range of cheaper options for homestay. This is one activity you can save up money and at the same time, interact with local Thai family. The houses of Thai people are traditional stilt houses with 2-storey structure, the first floor for keeping livestock and the second floor is the family’s living space.
Sleeping condition will be the exact same as that of the host family. Futon, blanket, mosquito net and fan will be prepared. Toilet and shower are up to western standards.
Homestaying at a local stilt house, you’ll have chance to watch traditional dances and singing performed by the villagers. It’s an absolute must-do activity in Mai Chau.
>>> See more in Lac Village
Lying next to Lac Village, Pom Coong Village is a Thai village that is less touristic than its neighbor with just equally beauties and attractions.  Come to Pom Coong to enjoy the idyll nature, wooden stilt houses, traditional performances and Can wine – a communal and festive drink.
In the list of the best things to do in Mai Chau, it would be a mistake to not include Thung Khe Pass, a famous Mai Chau site to enjoy the views. The pass is on an altitude of about 1000 meter above sea level, cutting through mountain cliffs with a perfect curve. To be more comfortable to enjoy Thung Khe’s views, it’s best to come to Mai Chau by motorbike. Buses to Mai Chau also stop here for a while. It’s such a shame to miss the local foods while admiring the view below. Note down few of them: boiled eggs, grilled corn, sugarcane, sticky rice ‘com lam’.
Thai women are famous for their weaving skills like every women of the any hill tribe on the mountains of Vietnam. Buying brocade products is not only worth your money but also helps the local community prosper without abandoning their traditional practice.

In each family in Mai Chau there is a loom where a women works on her fabrics for all her life. Thai brocade fabrics has been known for the rich colors, raised patterns and recent years, very stylish and fashionable. Silk brocade and hemp brocade are made and dyed meticulously and entirely from natural elements. You can rest assure that the fabrics are not toxic to your skin at all.
If you’re a fan of caves and underground world, Mai Chau Valley has names such as Mo Luong Cave, Chieu Cave, Pieng Kem Cave. The most famous is Mo Luong Cave which boasts marvelous blocks of stalactites, located not very far from Mai Chau. Its two entrances overlook to the stretching rice paddy fields and the villages. It’s a great place for a half-day hiking tour.

Other cave that deserves honorable mention is Chieu Cave to which you can only reach through a staircase of 1200 steps.  If you are looking for a challenge, try conquer Chieu Cave. Walking inside the two interior chambers of a cave has never felt so rewarding.
Pu Luong Nature Reserve is only 35 kilometers away from Mai Chau, making it a refreshing day trip from the valley. With magnificent mountain ranges, stunning rice terrae fields, scenic rivers and waterfalls, breathtaking mountain passes and remote traditional villages, Pu Luong is truly a microcosm of Northern Vietnam.
*Things to do in Pu Luong: cycling, trekking, rafting, kayaking, and exploring the local culture.
Located 13 km southwest of Mai Chau, Mai Hich with 96% of Thai ethnicity, poetic Xia stream, primary forest and palm hill, is a perfect stop on your exploration to North Vietnam. For those who want to stay away from the touristic Lac Village, Mai Hich is your perfect option for it is newly discovered and supported by COHED Research Center for Public Health and Development.
Mai Hich is the star in our Mai Chau tour where you can enjoy the nature, take in the vivid picture which depict the culture and lifestyle of the villagers. This village is an ideal place for visitors to join in practical activities namely going bicycle through vast rice paddies or hidden ways inside the rural town and take the bamboo rafting through crystal clear stream.
On every Sunday mornings, Pa Co fair market takes place like a small weekly festival to the ethnic people here. Pa Co Market is where you can witness the customs and habits of Hmong culture. Lying between Mai Chau and Moc Chau, Pa Co Market is the meeting point of two ethnic groups: Hmong from Moc Chau and Thai from Mai Chau. The bustling atmosphere of the market is so special compared to the quiet feeling of the weekdays. People will bring their self-made and self-grown products trying to sell to others. Pa Co Market is a unique experience to do in Mai Chau.
>>> A 2-day short stay in this dreamy valley just from $165, see here:

Visiting Mai Chau without tasting Mai Chau's delicacies will make your trip an incomplete experience. In Mai Chau valley, you can find all the distinctive dishes of Northwest Vietnam.
Homestay families in Mai Chau offer traditional meals at reasonable prices. You can have a Thai dancing performance accompanied with the meal you if want. The dishes are very local: sticky rice, grilled meat, bamboo shoots and ‘Can’ wine. Enjoying the meal with the locals, like the locals will make your trip to Mai Chau even more special and meaningful.

The highland pigs are naturally raised by the locals in Mai Chau. The pork meat is known for lesser amount of fat and tastiness.  
Com Lam is the most famous Thai dish which you can find easily in Mai Chau. Boiled rice in small long roll of bamboo make the food taste well. It is soft, sticky, and aromatic. 

You can find this dish in Lac Village around March. This dish is a specialty of Muong people. Bacon is cut into pieces that are equal to knuckles. Every piece is wrapped by half of a grapefruit leave, which then grilled on coal. During the cooking, the flavor of the pork is added by the leaves' aroma.
Mai Chau is a valley surrounded by the green hills, therefore the weather here doesn’t change much during the year. Mai Chai valley appeals with different charms in different times of year:
- Summer: cool atmosphere but there might be floods

- Autumn: golden rice fields, festivals

- Winter: peach, plum flowers, new year festivals

*Festivals in Mai Chau you should know:
Asking for Good Crops Festival
When: 3rd and 4th lunar months
Where: Mai Chau
The festival is celebrated by Thai people to wish for rain therefore bountiful rice crops. A group of boys and girls will wear hats and raincoats gathering on a large playground. They will go into the house of the oldest woman in the village to sing the prayer for rain. They all together proceed to the outside field to join the ceremony. Other activities are torch procession around hamlet, singing on the spring banks and pouring water on one another.
Xen Ban, Xen Muong Festival
When: Spring
Where: Mai Chau
This festival takes place in the spring, is celebrated by the Thai people in Mai Chau and other provinces in Northwest Vietnam. The event is to honor the village's founder, to remember the gods who created the land and wish for good health and happiness to the Thai people.
There're several folk games such as con throwing, singing, playing the flute and bird-singing competition.
Thanks to good road condition, getting from Hanoi to Mai Chau is quite easy and you can do a day trip from Hanoi to Mai Chau.  Follow National Road 6 and you’ll get to the valley after 3 hours by car and about 4 hours by motorbike.
The path to Mai Chau is relatively steep but not too difficult and harsh for driving so if you want to come over the top of the pass by yourself, let’s give it a try!
But the best convenient way for you is taking daily buses (in My Dinh and Yen Nghia station) or taxis or just booking a fully Mai Chau authentic package tour in order to enthusiastically relax your own trip.
Share this:
Tags:


Vietnam has been known as not only the safest destination to travel to Southeast Asia, but also one of the most beautiful. Having a lot to offer, both in culture and natural bea...

It would take hours to talk about the things to do in Hanoi where traditions and globalization found harmony. The 1000-year-old capital of Vietnam is blessed with rich culture, ...

Only 30km far from Da Nang, Hoi An is a favorite destination in Vietnam for many travelers for the atmospheric ancient town by the poetic river, the rustic, idyllic landscapes, ...




HELP ME PLAN MY TRIP
>
>

You want to produce eye-popping pictures for your Instagram posts? Ninh Binh is no doubt will be the hottest Vietnam destination in 2020! Look at these masterpieces!




 







Covering such a vast area Trang An is a biological treasure trove obtaining over 350 species of plants, animals and many other rare species. Taking a boat through 9 caves of Trang An complex and visiting some historical and cultural places on the way are highly recommended.
From Trang An, visitors shouldn’t miss Bai Dinh pagoda – the largest Buddhist pagoda in Vietnam with impressive architecture.




You can’t help to feel the trills when you are going the most beautiful and mysterious tunneling water cave in Ninh Binh. It’s like you’re on a hunt for treasure.


Only 2 km away from Tam Coc Whalf, Bich Dong Pagoda is a solemn place where the pagoda entrance was built on a limestone island. Visitor will walk on a thin stone bridge to pass the gate to come deep into the chambers of Bich Dong Grotto – ‘the second nicest grotto’ in Vietnam. Come and find out if the grotto’s beauties really live up to its given title.






Served as a nature reserve with a wide range of fauna and flora species, including the rare species listed in Red Book and one of them are the silver langurs.  A boat trip is the best way to enjoy the beauties and the atmosphere of Ninh Binh’s hidden gem.


From there, not only you can see a giant dragon stone statue but also can take in the whole view below of rice field being surrounded by limestone cliffs.






From Tam Coc, pay a visit to Thai Vi Pagoda which is just stunning with unique architecture and charming natural landscapes. The costs in Tam Coc are quite high: you’ll have to pay 150,000VND for the fee, including boat fee and caves visiting.





Bai Dinh Pagoda is the largest religious complex in Vietnam covering a total area of 539 hectares, featuring the most dramatic and beautiful backdrop of limestone cliffs and rivers. Bai Dinh is dedicated to the worshiping of ancestors, Buddha, Genie Cao Son. Two caves here are Bright Cave and Dark Cave which are also dedicated for worshiping. Inside the pagoda, you can find some really valuable worshiping monuments including a 10m high Buddha Sykamuni statue made of bronze.
Each year, Bai Dinh Pagoda temple is also held on the sixth day of lunar first month which is considered one of the most important cultural event in Vietnamese culture.





You can visit Wine Making Cave by booking boat tours in Trang An.




Hoa Lu used to be the ancient capital of Vietnam in three periods of early emperors due to its strategic location. Surrounded by rugged mountains and Hoang Long River, Hoa Lu Ancient Citadel was almost impossible to penetrate by invaders. The visit to Hoa Lu is easy.
Trinh Temple has been around for about 1000 years, is located at a foot of a mountain. Thanks to several renovations and repairs, Trinh Temple is even more beautiful and spacious. The architecture of Trinh Temple boasts sophistication through its eight roofs and ancient bell “Phu Nghia Tu Chung”. A visit to Trinh Temple should be included in your trip in Trang An.
Other temples in the area that worth your visit: Tran Temple, Tu Tru Temple, Dia Linh Temple…


*Tips when visiting temples and pagodas:


- Wear clothes that cover from your shoulders to knees. Be respectful at the scared worshiping places.


- The temples can be crowded, choose something comfortable to wear.
- Mind when you speak and walk – talking too loud and making noises while walking are also not appreciated.
You've watched the filmed and would love to see the film set of this hollywood blockbuster, wait no longer and visit Trang An to live in the movie's alternative universe. The tribal village you've come alive with the rattan huts, tribal people with all the decorative items just like in the film. 

At this site, you can also find the models of ship and airplane mimicking the movie. Tribal villagers are role-played by the locals and you can take photographs or selfies with them. With the magnificent backdrop of Trang An landscape, this village makes a unique places to produce impressive photo for your Instagram posts. 

Location:  Route 2 of Trang An Scenic Landscape Heritage
Admission: Free of charge

To visit Cuc Phuong National Park, you'll have to pay 40,000VND for admission. Firstly you'll come to the Endangered Primate Rescue Center which is responsible for rescuing individual animals of rare primates and home to over 140 creatures and 100 offsprings in all from 15 species of gibbon (long-armed, fruit-eating ape), languor (long-tailed tree-dwelling monkey) and Lories (smaller nocturnal primate with large eyes).
The second stop is Prehistoric People Cave - the place where ancient people were living 7500 years ago. The most special feature of the park is the 1000-year-old Cho Tree with a diameter of 5.5m. 

Son Cung Cave and 648-m Silver Cloud Mountain are the slightly more challenging options for your trek. 
A visit to this nature paradise offers you a chance to see a wide range of flora and fauna, caves and hot springs. You’ll be surrounded by a quiet atmosphere, fresh air – it’s literally the best escape from city life.

*What to bring for your trek to Cuc Phuong National Park:

- Hiking shoes which are the best water-resistant and shouldn't be slippery
- Bug repellent for your exposed skin area
- Enough water for your long trek 
- Food – there are places you can eat
If you want to camp, rent in advance (from Hanoi) tents and necessary equipment.













Phat Diem cathedral is a complex included a cathedral, a stone church, a lake, a bell house, and 3 artificial grottoes. The bell house which in Vietnamese is called Phuong Dinh is a 3-level building and completely made out of stone.
On four towers of the bell house stand 4 statues of 4 historical saints which are imprinted of Vietnamese architecture characteristics. The cathedral and the bell house are designed with much similar to traditional Vietnamese pagodas and temples.
Ninh Binh Specialties 



This is the national-wide famous Ninh Binh food which is loved from north to south. This dish is mostly made from burnt rice topped with Rousong (meat floss), or pork, beef or onions. Larger rice crust is cut into smaller pieces.

To make this dish, the chef will prepare dried rice rounds and when orders come, he will just fry them until crispy with sesame oil. Lastly, vegetables, beef or pork will be put on the rice; and bowl of sauce will be made to use with this dish.








You might find it an interesting experience when you have a chance to compare the two world’s heritage Ha Long and Ninh Binh which is also called by the nickname ‘Ha Long Bay on Land”.



From Hanoi, getting to Ninh Binh is fairly easy with plenty of options for you:

We've shown you all the worthy things to do in Ninh Binh together with all practical information to help you get the most out of your Ninh Binh experience. Need more?

Contact us to request a Ninh Binh tailor-made tour.

Share this:
Tags:


Vietnam has been known as not only the safest destination to travel to Southeast Asia, but also one of the most beautiful. Having a lot to offer, both in culture and natural bea...



It would take hours to talk about the things to do in Hanoi where traditions and globalization found harmony. The 1000-year-old capital of Vietnam is blessed with rich culture, ...



Only 30km far from Da Nang, Hoi An is a favorite destination in Vietnam for many travelers for the atmospheric ancient town by the poetic river, the rustic, idyllic landscapes, ...



Hue, the capital of imperial Vietnam for 143 years, shines with the glories of the old times. The city has a peculiar kind of conservative beauty and slow paced life style. Empe...



Our comprehensive guide will show you from A to Z things to do in Sapa and how to make most of your Sapa experience. Through the course of history, Sapa underwent the changes of...

Beaches & Islands
Food & Drink
Itinerary
Things to do
Travel News
Travel Tips
Trendy Destinations

AUTHENTIC BEAUTY OF NORTHERN & CENTRAL VIETNAM
From $669 - 8 days









BEST OF MEKONG DELTA 4 DAYS
From $313 - 4 days









CENTRAL HIGHLANDS & SOUTHERN ADVENTURE 14 DAYS
From $930 - 14 days









SENA CRUISE - LAN HA BAY 2 DAYS
From $168 - 2 days









THE LOST OF CIVILIZATION JAYAVARMAN CRUISE
From $1809 - 8 days








VIEW TRIP
Send us a quick inquiry so that we can offer you an
itinerary with price for your information. This short
inquiry is FREE and NOT a commitment
for booking.



US$ 25,668
has been contributed to local community
BE A PART OF IT
Find us on
© Asianway Travel JSC 2020- Member of Vietnam Tourism, PATA, ASTA, JATA





HELP ME PLAN MY TRIP
>
>
Our comprehensive guide will show you from A to Z things to do in Sapa and how to make most of your Sapa experience. Through the course of history, Sapa underwent the changes of time to turn itself from a remote trading post built by the French colonists into a global travel hub, a top tier travel destination of Vietnam. Located in Lao Cai, a province in Northwest Vietnam, a small town like Sapa surprisingly boasts its richness in its indigenous tribal culture of the ethnic communities, together with the unrivaled beauties in natural landscapes.
You may also like: Top 10 things to do in Vietnam for the first-time visitors
As the roof of Indochina, Fansipan peaks at the height of 3143m above sea level. Fansipan also offers some great choices for many levels of trekking starting from the easiest path can be done within a full days for those who are physically fit, not necessary experienced. Scenery along the way to the top is worth your effort with thick forest, magnificent landscape of Hoang Lien Son range, idyll tribal villages and the sight of wild Azalea near the peak.

Best time for a Fansipan trek would be between mid-November and March since in this time the weather in the north falls in winter, drier air, less rain and temperature low which will make your trek much more easier than it is in summer.
For folks who are not capable of trekking on long hours, you still can reach the top of Fansipan by riding cable car. From 2016, Fansipan Legend, the highest, longest and most modern cable car system in the world has been opened for everyone who dreams of standing on top of ‘Roof of Indochina’.
Cable Car Fees
- Cable Car: 700,000VND per adult
- Cable Car + Funicular Ride: 840,000VND per adult
*Note: The cable car will take you to the mountaintop, not the peak. You’ll have to walk up the stairs then take the funicular to near the Fansipan’s peak.
The central town of Sapa has to its own a dreamy and romantic atmosphere, especially when it’s covered in mist and cloud. By no means should you skip this town when coming to Sapa, it’s a wonderful base to explore further areas. And Sapa Town itself has a lot of things for visitors to enjoy.
Why not come up the 1800m-peaked dragon-jaw shaped mountain for the panoramic view of Sapa and Muong Hoa Valley. The path up is easy and on the mountaintop there is a Cloud Yard if you want to conquer all the way. At lower attitude, part of the mountain was made into a flower garden with hundreds of orchid kinds and other flowers. A romantic hangout for couples and friends.
Admission: 70,000VND/adult, 20,000VND/child.
Sapa Church is not far away from Ham Rong Mountain, it only costs you a short walk. The church was built in 1895, made entirely of stones, and considered to be the most ancient vestiges of the French.
Nowadays, Sapa Church is the symbol of Sapa town, especially when it’s covered in mist or snow. The front of the church is a huge square where a lot of local activities to take place, some cultural performance on Saturday. Take the camera with you for some really unique photos of the Church.
- Sapa Market:  The market of Sapa is not only a center for goods exchanging but also a meeting place of Hmong, Dao, Nung ethnic minorities. Located in the center of Sapa (Luong Dinh Cua Street), the market is not easy to miss with thousands of goods, hand-made products on display.  Tourists can also buy pharmaceutical products, forestry products and brocade clothing. Food to enjoy here is the local specialty ‘Thang Co’ – a soup made from horse meat, bacon, borecole, chayote, corn wine.
- Night Market: If you’re looking for a street food tour at night, we suggest you to join the Sapa town night market where several nightly grilled dishes like grilled beef, fish and vegetables can be found. It’s a wonderful local experience especially on chilly nights, you stay close to the fire and wait for your meat to be done. Don’t forget to use chili sauce and lemon-salt to eat with the meat.
To take in the magnificent beauty of highland terraced paddy fields in the harvest season, nowhere is better than Muong Hoa Valley which lies between two towering mountain ranges running in parallel southeast of Sapa Town.
Come to Muong Hoa Valley, you’ll be learning more on the age-old rice cultivation of the highland ethnic tribes, taking the scenic sights of the mountain range covered in the terraced fields, forest and streams downhill.
It isn’t just landscape, it’s the way of life of Hmong, Dao and many others preserved for many generations.
The poetic Muong Hoa River will take you to the idyllic hamlets of ethnic people such as Sa Seng village, Hang Da village and Hau Thao village. On the lowest altitude of 1000m, the valley is home to several minority groups, including Hmong, Zao, Zay….
Nested at San Sai Ho Commune, 15km away from Sapa towards Lai Chau and Dien Bien Province, Silver Waterfall  can be seen from National Highway 4D.
The fall, as the upstream of Muong Hoa Stream, is about 200m high with water cascading down as white as silver. The beauty of the waterfall adds even more to the dramatic backdrop of Sapa’s mountains with pine forests and chayote gardens spreading over hillside.
To get closer to the waterfall, visitors will climb the stone steps to a height of 30 meters where the water seem like to flow down on you.
Admission: 25,000VND/adult
- Cat Cat Village
Cat Cat Village is the most touristic ethnic village to visit from Sapa, the most excellent example of a hill tribe village of Hmong people. What you can enjoy here is the idyllic landscape, dramatic backdrop and the peaceful atmosphere of the local community.
Young Hmong people proudly wear their traditional costumes which were dyed in so many colors.
One thing to look for is the traditional Hmong houses which still preserved in good condition, the house is considered a very important part in Hmong life. On your trekking way, we can’t fail to mention the beautiful sight of terraced paddy fields running immensely to the horizon.
Cat Cat village is definitely a delightful and special feature of Sapa.
Location: 2km away from Sapa central town
Admission: 70,000VND/adult.
- Ta Van Village
Located about 8 kilometers from Sapa Town, Ta Van Village is a wonderful alternative for a trekking trip to a hill tribe village in Sapa. The village belongs to Ta Van commune, is home to almost 150 households with approximately 1000 residents mainly from Hmong, Zay, Red Zao ethnic minorities.

The path leading to Ta Van village is small and narrow, running through two sides of terraced fields. Coming deeper into the village, visitors can’t help to be amazed by the harmonious beauty of the natural landscape and the idyllic wooden traditional stilt houses.
The Zao culture shows most influence in Ta Van through their prominent Red costumes to cuisine and cultural festivals. Ta Van shouldn’t be missed on your bucket list if you’re looking for a true adventure.
- Sin Chai Village
Sin Chai is another Hmong village with a population of 1400 peole, lying about 4 kilometers away from town’s center. Sin Chai belongs to Ta Giang Phinh commune, located at the lower part of Thau Stream and the foot of Ngu Chi Son Moutain Range.
From the village, you can see the mysterious Ngu Chi Son Mt, gentle curves of terraced fields, hundred-year-old Mong valley, traditional Hmong houses and more. Sin Chai is no doubt the best spot for views in Sapa.
Sapa’s Love Market is one of many specialties of Sapa, celebrating the humane values in the local way of life. Hmong, Zao and many other ethnic groups hold love markets annually or monthly or in Sapa’s love market case – weekly for men and women to meet and show their affection. Many young girls and boys become husbands and wives soon after.
Sapa Love Market is held on Saturday afternoon, the girls will show up in colorful costumes and silver ornaments which make the festival even merrier. The boys will perform traditional dancing and singing until late. Love Market is indeed one of the best things to do at night in Sapa.

Not a life-time experience like Everest, conquering Fansipan is still an impressive feat. For your safety, it’s best to book a trekking tour with a local porter to accompany you during the trip.
Just opened in 2018, Muong Hoa Rail Route which connects Sapa and Fansipan Station has risen to be one of the things to try in Sapa. The trains and the station are designed in European style with impressive architecture. Riding Muong Hoa train, you’ll have chance to enjoy the views of the beautiful Muong Hoa Valley below.
*Ticket: 200,000VND/adult/way, 150,000VND/child/way

Only 7km away from the city center of Sapa, a private tea plantation dotted with pinkish cherry blossoms might be just what you need if you want to escape the crowded little town of Sapa for a little bit.
You can find the beautiful, peaceful tea hills on the your way to O Quy Ho Pass - another place for sightseeing near Sapa, especially when it's sunset.
The cherry blossoms are in bloom in December, so if you want to take incredible photos, this site can't be missed in your trip to Sapa. Wait for the clouds descending onto the green hills, you can see the magic of nature happen.
Bac Ha Market is the most unique fair market in Sapa, one of the worthiest thing to do in Sapa during your visit. Every Sunday, the town of Bac Ha erupts into a colorful, vibrant and busy trading market with hundreds of ethnic minorities from the surrounding areas.Bac Ha is a compelling example of a traditional cultural practice in the wild northern Vietnam, an event which is considered just like a small festival to the people here.
Come to Bac Ha, not only you have the chance to witness an authentic local fair market, get closer to the life of ethnic people, but also you can taste some really unique and delicious foods and enjoy the hospitality of the locals here.
O Quy Ho Pass
O Quy Ho Pass, bridging two provinces Lao Cai and Lai Chau, has long been a legendary destination for local travelers. Only 18 kilometers away from the center town of Sapa, O Quy Ho would make a wonderful stop for your motorbiking half-day trip.
The pass is hailed as the king of passes in northwest Vietnam, being extreme in both road’s difficulty and natural scenery. The road leading up the pass’s top is winding, supple as the silk. Come when the sun is setting, visitors will be moved by the beautiful landscape just like a water colored painting before the eyes.
This dish is known as the traditional dish of H'mong people, cooked from horsemeat, horse’s viscera and horse’s bone, all made into a soup with 12 spices from cardamon, ginger, citronella, anise to cinnamon twig. When local people cook this dish, they often stew for couple of hours. The dish is served with fresh vegetable and local red hot pepper.
*Where to eat Thang Co:
Thang Co A Quynh restaurant
- Add: 15 Thach Son st, Sapa district
- Opening hours: 7.00 am – 22.00 pm
A special kind of pork which is often found in Northwest Vietnam. There're quite many ways to cook this dish with different ingredient but its highlight is the fleshy, soft yet tough texture of the pork meat. It's said that the pigs living on mountainous areas are not caged and free to run around therefore their meat is so much better than regular pork meat.
*Where to eat Cap Nach Pork:
Anh Dung restaurant
- Add: 69 Xuan Vien st, Sapa town
- Opening hours: 8.00 AM- 10.30 PM
Hoang Minh restaurant
- Add: number 23-24 Sapa food court (the corner of Xuan Vien st and Fansipan st)
- Opening hours: 9.00 am- 10.00 pm
Yes, it's true, you can eat salmon in Sapa. And it's not a rare dish here, in fact, salmon restaurants are everywhere to be found. A salmon dish that worth trying the most is Salmon Hotpot, especially in freezing days. The fish meat comes is a heaven match with the hotpot broth with a familiar sour taste from local vegetables and herbs.
- Where to eat Salmon Hotpot:
Lotus Sapa
- Add: 34 Cau May, Sapa
- Opening hours: 9.00 am-10.00 pm
The dish is an everyday dish in Sapa, sold from roadside to luxury restaurants, fill up the stomach of travelers and local people all the same. Glutinous rice is cooked inside a bamboo tube to preserve the fragrance and sweet taste of the rice. Bamboo Sticky Rice is often eaten with sesame to enhance the taste even more.
Where to eat bamboo sticky rice: you can find this dish anywhere in Sapa: restaurant, market or roadside eateries.
Since Lao Cai Airport is still just a plan until 2020, from Hanoi, you still have to choose either bus or night train to get to Sapa.
- By Train:
There're two type of train to Lao Cai - local trains or tourist trains. Average time traveling by train is about 8 hours with slow trains and about 7 hours with tourist trains. SP = New Trains, LC = Old Trains.
Tourist trains are: Livitrans, TSC Express, Hara Express, Fanxipan Express, King Express, Orient Express.
* Schedule for Lao Cai Trains:
SP1 (21:40), SP2 (20:35): Tourist trains with air-conditioned soft sleepers only.
Most of these trainsconsists of privately-run sleeping-cars for tourists, including Fanxipan, King, Ratraco, Orient Express, Royal, TSC, Tulico, etc.
- SP3 (22:00), SP4 (21:10): Recommended train with very few stops. Air-con soft sleepers and air-con hard sleepers only. These trains consist of privately-run sleeping-cars including the Sapaly Express Train, TSC, and the Victoria Express Train.
- SP7 (20:30), SP8 (19:40): Earlier trains. Air-con soft sleepers, air-con hard sleepers, air-con soft seats. Conveys privately-run Livitrans sleeping-cars.
- LC3 (6:10), LC4 (10:05): Daytime trains. Tea, coffee & snacks are available on board.
- LC1, LC2: Slower overnight trains. Air-con hard sleepers, air-con soft seats, air-con hard seats, non-air-con hard seats. No soft sleepers.
The price for trains often varies depending on the type of train and amenities.
- By Bus: 

Thanks to the new Hanoi - Lao Cai Expressway that has been opened for the recent years, the time traveling by bus from Hanoi reduces down to 4 to 6 hours. Most of the buses are sleeper buses so you don't have to worry about the comfort.
Bus stations in Hanoi: Luong Yen and My Dinh.
+ Price: from 180,000VND to 350,000VND
+ Reliable Company: Sapa Express (however, Sapa Express buses don't depart from bus stations but from its office or Noi Bai Airport).
Thanks to its high altitude, Sapa enjoys one of the most favorable weather in Vietnam with average temperature for all year round is 15 degree Celsius to 30 degree Celsius and humidity from 83-87%. You can visit Sapa almost all year round because every month there is something to see in this lovely highland town of Vietnam.
In summer time, Sapa makes a great getaway from the busy, heated cities. Sapa in summer is much milder than lower regions. Sapa in this time is mostly hot for domestic travelers.
For foreign tourists, Sapa is best to visit in either March-May or September-December. Especially in later months of year, Sapa shines with the golden terraced rice fields everywhere you go.
Sapa is pretty far from Hanoi and it takes hours to get to the town, plus there're so much to see at Sapa and surrounding areas, so we suggest to spend at least 2 days and ideally four days to enjoy your trip.
We've shown you all the best things to do in Sapa, together with the most updated information on how to get there, where to eat, and Sapa attractions' admission tickets. Contact us now for more detailed itineraries to Sapa with a quotation.
Share this:
Tags:


Vietnam has been known as not only the safest destination to travel to Southeast Asia, but also one of the most beautiful. Having a lot to offer, both in culture and natural bea...



It would take hours to talk about the things to do in Hanoi where traditions and globalization found harmony. The 1000-year-old capital of Vietnam is blessed with rich culture, ...



Only 30km far from Da Nang, Hoi An is a favorite destination in Vietnam for many travelers for the atmospheric ancient town by the poetic river, the rustic, idyllic landscapes, ...



Since Ninh Binh was the filming location for the famous movie ‘Kong: Skull Island’, it’s such an unnecessary thing to mention how beautiful and dramatic the landscape of Ninh Bi...



Hue, the capital of imperial Vietnam for 143 years, shines with the glories of the old times. The city has a peculiar kind of conservative beauty and slow paced life style. Empe...

Beaches & Islands
Food & Drink
Itinerary
Things to do
Travel News
Travel Tips
Trendy Destinations

AUTHENTIC BEAUTY OF NORTHERN & CENTRAL VIETNAM
From $669 - 8 days









SENA CRUISE - LAN HA BAY 2 DAYS
From $168 - 2 days









Best of Vietnam Tour - 12 Days
From $1295 - 12 days









Vietnam Glance Tour - 9 Days
From $963 - 9 days









Classic Vietnam Family Tour - 10 Days
From $1065 - 10 days








VIEW TRIP
Send us a quick inquiry so that we can offer you an
itinerary with price for your information. This short
inquiry is FREE and NOT a commitment
for booking.



US$ 25,668
has been contributed to local community
BE A PART OF IT
Find us on
© Asianway Travel JSC 2020- Member of Vietnam Tourism, PATA, ASTA, JATA

Da Nang is one of the most attractive destinations in Vietnam. With impressive natural scenery, unique culture and cool atmosphere, the coastal city will definitely be a good place for your next trip. Let's discover the best things to do and top tourist attractions in Da Nang.
Da Nang is one of the cities in Vietnam that attract tourists with long sandy beaches and natural beauty. Many people travel to Da Nang for admiring city’s outstanding beaches. 
My Khe Beach was voted by Forbes magazine as one of the most attractive beaches on the planet. In addition, Australia's Sunday Herald Sun magazine has rated My Khe as one of the 10 most popular beaches in Asia and many travel websites also call My Khe “the place you must come before you die”. This beach is not only the pride of Da Nang but also of all Vietnam.

My Khe Beach is not too far from the city center so staying there as well as getting there is very convenient. The area around this beach is also the most crowded and bustling area in Da Nang, especially in summer. My Khe Beach attracts tourists with its warm clear blue water all year round, fine white sand, gentle waves crashing on the shore, and the coconut trees lining up the sandy strip and creating a more poetic scenery. My Khe is charming at every moment of the day. The beach is also a good place to do water activities such as diving, fishing, windsurfing, canoeing, and playing beach soccer. You can choose a hotel in Son Tra district to be close to this beautiful beach.
There are plenty of hotels at My Khe Beach. Make sure to choose one of 9 My Khe Beach Hotels with Best View for the most exceptional experience.
Pham Van Dong Beach is located at the end of Pham Van Dong Street and is the most modern public beach in Da Nang. This is the place where tourists come for swimming, picnic and snorkeling. For its quiet waves and cool vibe, Pham Van Dong Beach is a great place to escape from busy lives.
Bac My An Beach occupies nearly 4 km of coastline with white sand and blue sea. This beach is well-known for being home to several 5-star international resorts such as Pullman Danang Beach, Fusion Maia Resort and Furama Resort Danang.

Non Nuoc Beach is located near Marble Mountains. This beautiful sandy beach is a good place for taking rest, swimming and enjoying fresh seafood. There are many luxury resorts with private beach in the area such as Hyatt Regency Danang Resort and Spa, Sheraton Grand Danang Resort, and Vinpearl Resort & Spa Da Nang.

Opening Hours: All Day
Admission Fee: Free
Best time to visit: 9:00 - 18:00
Marble Mountains is the place that shouldn’t be missed when visiting Da Nang. This tourist attraction is located only about 8 km from the center of Da Nang and it only takes about 15 minutes to reach it. Marble Mountains consists of 5 mountains: Kim Son, Moc Son, Thuy Son, Hoa Son, and Tho Son. Normally, tourists come here to visit Thuy Son, which is the largest of the mountains. There are also several ancient temples and caves to explore. If you will climb to the top of the mountain, you will see the beautiful scenery of Da Nang City and the beach. At the foot of the mountain, stone sculptures village by Non Nuoc artisans can be found.
Opening Hours: 7:00-17:30
Ticket prices for visiting Marble Mountains in 2020:

Ba Na Hills is an entertaining complex, located in Hoa Ninh, Hoa Vang District, which is 40 km southwest of Da Nang City. The hill is 1,489 m above sea level, so the climate here is cool all year round. The average temperature in the summer is about 18 degrees Celsius and you can even experience all four seasons in a day.

Ba Na Hills is designed as an entertaining complex for all ages. You need to take the cable car up to the top of Ba Na Mountain. When visiting Ba Na, you get a chance to enjoy the vast space on the mountain with lots of gardens. There is Linh Ung Pagoda, ancient wine cellar, indoor amusement park named Fantasy Park with all interesting entertainment games and other attractions. One of the main highlights here is the Golden Bridge held by giant hands in the middle of the clouds. French Village is a perfect spot for photo lover. Here you can find 3 food courts serving European and Asian cuisines, souvenir stalls with a variety of products and even stay overnight at Mercure Danang French Village Bana Hills. When coming to Ba Na Hills, you will surely have unforgettable experiences and memories as if you were in Europe.

You should buy Ba Na Hills tickets online to avoid waiting in line and enjoy discounts. The ticket includes a round-trip by the cable car, sightseeing, 9 flower gardens, Debay Wine Cellar, about 105 games and free slide in Fantasy Park.
Opening Hours: Daily 7:00 – 22:00
Ticket Prices for visiting Ba Na Hills 2020:
Wax Museum ticket: 100,000 VND per person

Da Nang is also known as the city of bridges. Each bridge has its own beauty and architecture.
The 5 most impressive bridges in Da Nang are the following.
Dragon Bridge is considered as one of the symbols of the city and famous tourist attraction in Da Nang. Dragon Bridge is the most famous bridge, spanning the Han River and connecting Nguyen Van Linh and Vo Van Kiet streets.
The bridge is shaped like a dragon flying over the river facing the East Sea. Dragon Bridge is also the heaviest bridge in Vietnam with a strong dome structure, specially designed body using a combination of 5 steel pipes to decorate the dragon. The dragon is yellow at the day time and extremely sparkling at night. The most impressive feature of this bridge is that the "dragon" on the bridge has the ability to spit fire and spray water at 21:00 on Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays. The number of fire sprays is 9 times, each lasting 2 minutes, while the water is sprayed only 3 times but it lasts longer than 3 minutes every time. If you want to see the bridge clearly, you should book the hotel near the Dragon Bridge.
Han River Bridge is the first rotating bridge in Vietnam. The bridge was built by the contribution of all entire Da Nang people, so the Han River Bridge is not only a connection in transportation but also a pride of the people of Da Nang. Every day, the bridge rotates 90 degrees around the axis at 0:30, opening the way for large ships to pass by, and close at 3:30. You can enjoy watching the bridge as it lights up brightly at night. Currently this bridge usually rotates at 23:00 on Saturdays and Sundays as well to serve tourists. Every year, International Firework Festival is held at this famous bridge. This is a very special occasion for Da Nang tourism to attract many tourists to visit this beautiful city as well as admire the extremely special themed fireworks.
Tran Thi Ly Bridge, located about 1 km south of Dragon Bridge, has received several international awards for its innovative design. From distance, Tran Thi Ly Bridge looks like a wing sail reaching the ocean so this is an ideal place for tourists to take photos during sunsets.

Thuan Phuoc Bridge is the longest cable-stayed suspension bridge in Vietnam with 1,850-meter long. The bridge is spanning from the end of the Han River to Da Nang Bay and to Son Tra Peninsula. The bridge becomes at its best at late nights.
Bridge of Love is right next to Dragon Bridge on the side of Tran Hung Dao Street. This bridge is modeled after famous love bridges in France and European countries. The bridge has about 70 m long and 6 m wide arc, facing the middle of the river, and plenty of space to admire the beauty of the Han River. According to the legend of love, it is the place where many couples can "lock" their love to show the eternal love and faith.
Opening Hours: All the time
Admission Fee: Free
Best time to visit: Bridges of Da Nang are magnificent to witness at any time of the day, but during the night they become even more beautiful because of colorful LED lights. At this time of the day you will clearly understand why Da Nang is the city of bridges.
Museum of Cham Sculpture is located at the foot of the Dragon Bridge. This is a unique place in Vietnam and also in the world research about Champa culture. The museum exhibits approximately 300 original sculptures and artworks. They are mostly made of sandstone, but some are made of terracotta.
For those who would love learning more about history and culture of Champa people, My Son Sanctuary is also a good place to visit as it is the most sacred place of the Champa Kingdom.
Opening Hours: 7:00 - 17:00, daily
Entrance Fee: 60,000 VND per person
Da Nang Cathedral is one of the best known Catholic churches in the city. It is also known as Rooster Church. This church is the only church built in Da Nang during French colonial times and it has candy-pink Gothic architectural style with soaring lines and the diamond-shaped dome.
Opening Hours: 7:00 – 19:00
Admission Fee: Free
Han River is a large river flowing from the upstream to the sea with width of about 900-1200 m and length of about 7.2 km. On the left bank of the river a large market called Han Market is located. The crowded residential area on the left side of the river is also known as the Han neighborhood (the Korean City). The river is an attractive place for travelers who want to see Da Nang at night.
If you are staying at this coastal city, don't miss a chance to take Han River Cruise in the evening to admire the view of Da Nang City’s skyline and the famous bridges of the city.

Those who are interested to know more about Southeast Asian cultures should visit My Son Sanctuary. My Son Sanctuary is located in a valley surrounded by hills and mountains, in Duy Phu commune (Quang Nam), about 70 km from Da Nang. This place is used to be the most important intellectual and religious center of the kingdom of Champa and may also have served as a burial place for Cham monarchs. Remaining temples still display unique and mysterious sculptures and architecture of Champa. Additionally, the traditional Cham dance at the site is also a special highlight of the place. Now, My Son Sanctuary is recognized as a World Heritage Site and is a major tourist attraction in central Vietnam.
There are many tours that can bring you to visit this place. This My Son Sanctuary Day Tour from Da Nang brings you to explore not only the greatest archaeological sites of My Son but also the ancient town of Hoi An.
Opening Hours: Monday-Saturday: 15:00 - 22:00, Sunday: 9:30 - 22:30
Entrance Fee: 150,000 VND per person

Son Tra Peninsula is a place that definitely shouldn’t be missed when visiting Da Nang. The scenic peninsula is located 10 km northeast of Da Nang City center and covers an area of more than 4,400 hectares with 3 sides of it bordering the sea. Son Tra Peninsula is considered as the giant green lung of Da Nang because of the rich nature and diverse fauna it is home to. The air here is very fresh and clean, according to the scientific research, every day the forest reproduces enough oxygen to provide it for 4 million people. Son Tra Peninsula is also home of many species of animals with 22 rare species listed in the red book.
There are many famous landmarks such as Linh Ung Pagoda with a 67 m high statue of Quan The Bodhisattva, over 800 years old tree Thu Tree and the exceptional 5-star resort InterContinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort.

Opening Hours: All year round
Entrance Fee: Free
Another impressive destination in the journey around Da Nang is Hai Van Pass. This is 20 km long mountain pass about 500 m above sea level dividing the boundary between Thua Thien Hue province and the coastal city of Da Nang. Hai Van Pass is famous for being the most beautiful and rugged pass road in Vietnam. From the peak of this pass, you can see spectacular views of Da Nang City and coastline, Tien Sa Port, and Son Tra Peninsula.
In the past, traveling on this road was extremely dangerous because there were so many trucks passing by and once it was called a "road of death". Since Hai Van tunnel was put into operation, fewer vehicles pass through this mountain pass with most of them being tourist buses and cars so it is less dangerous to travel. In addition, the majestic natural scenery of the pass is also the favorite place for local couples to take wedding photos, capturing the happy moments and the nature.
Entrance Fee: Free

Sun World Da Nang Wonder (Asian Park) is an amusement park in the heart of Da Nang City, located on the western bank of the Han River. Asia Park consists of three main areas: a modern outdoor amusement park, cultural park with symbolic miniature art and architecture of 10 Asian countries- Japan, Indonesia, Singapore, South Korea, India, Nepal, Thailand, Cambodia, China and Vietnam, and the Sun Wheel which is a magic door that opens up an Asian cultural entertainment space with modern works. Tickets include unlimited usage of 20 modern outdoor games and indoor play area with 64 slot games, soft play area, sun blaster, Sun Wheel and visiting the most unique architectural works.
Opening Hours: Monday - Saturday: 15:00 - 22:00, Sunday: 9:30 - 22:30
Entrance Fee: 300,000 VND per person

Nui Than Tai Hot Springs Park is the place for nature and water park lover. The park covers 60 hectares of majestic forest, cool streams, and various mineral-rich hot springs.
There are many activities you can enjoy here such as the following:
Nui Than Tai Hot Springs Park is also one of the most popular places where you can enjoy relaxing moments with mud bath in Da Nang.
Opening Hours: 7:00 - 22:00
Entrance Fee: 350,000 VND per person. You can book a ticket with a significant discount here: Nui Than Tai Hot Springs Park.
Upside Down World Da Nang is one of the most unique tourist attractions in Da Nang. This place is fun and good for taking surreal pictures in a completely interesting style, in rooms with upside down concept. Upside Down World Da Nang lets you visit a total of 10 rooms, 7 of which are upside down, such as a living room, bedroom, kitchen, toilet, laundry room and minimart. It also has 3 more rooms with vintage design and 90–degree concept. You can easily book tickets of Upside Down World in Da Nang online to enter and explore the house.
Opening Hours: 9:00 – 19:00 daily (last admission is at 18:45)
Entrance Fee: 99,000 VND per person
Address: 44 Ho Xuan Huong Street, Khue My Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang City
Con Market is the largest market in Da Nang City and central Vietnam, located opposite to Big C Supermarket and Parkson mall. It's often said that Con Market in Da Nang is a foodie heaven. You can find lots of groceries and cheap souvenirs there for bringing back home. Nowadays tourists are coming to Con Market not only for shopping but also to experience the life of local people.
Opening Hours: 6:00 - 18:00, daily

Cham Islands (Cu Lao Cham)
Cham Islands is one of the most famous attractions in Da Nang. Cham Islands is a group of 8 small islands with the peaceful beauty of nature, which has been recognized by UNESCO as the World Biosphere Reserve. With green forests, wide beaches, diverse ecosystem and wonderful atmosphere, these islands are ideal for swimming, sunbathing, camping, snorkeling and enjoying seafood. Cham Islands not only offer beautiful beaches, there are also other interesting places for tourist to visit such as Tan Hiep Market, Hai Tibet Pagoda, Museum of the Sea, and ancient wells.
You can take a day trip to the beautiful Cham Islands and get a chance to see spectacular rare marine life with Cham Islands Day Tour.
Hoa Phu Thanh Tourist Area, located about 35 km from the city center, is a sport tourism site in Da Nang. This place covers an area with over 3 km of rivers and streams under giant green trees. It offers many different sport activities for tourists such as waterfall sliding, zipline sliding, and fish massage.
Opening Hours: 7:30 - 17:00
Ticket for Hoa Phu Thanh Tourist Area:
Da Nang has 3 pagodas with the same name Linh Ung. These pagodas are located in 3 sacred places of the city, including Son Tra peninsula, Marble Mountains and Ba Na Hills. The most famous temple and the most visited by tourists is Linh Ung Pagoda at Son Tra Peninsula, which is also known as Linh Ung Bai But Pagoda.
The highlight of Linh Ung Son Tra is the tallest statue of Guan Yin in Vietnam with a height of 67 m. The statue is standing with its back against the mountain, facing the sea, gentle eyes are looking down, one hand caught the tamarind seal, and another is holding the nectar of water as a peaceful sprinkler for people. This place is a famous sacred place for Da Nang people.
Entrance Fee: Free
Address: Son Tra Peninsula, Tho Quang Ward, Son Tra District, T.P Da Nang
Tuy Loan Ancient Village is located on Phong Hoa commune, Hoa Vang District, about 15 km southwest from Da Nang City. Tuy Loan Ancient Village is over 500 years old. When coming to this village, you should not miss an opportunity to try the famous rice paper and My Quang specialties, which is a traditional Vietnamese noodle dish originated from Quang Nam Province.
Entrance Fee: Free
Cam Ne Mat Village is located in Hoa Tien Commune, Hoa Vang District, 14 km to the southwest of Da Nang. Cam Ne Village is widely known for the traditional mat-making craft, which was used in the royal palaces of the Nguyen Dynasty.
Nam O Reef, also called Ran Nam O, is a new tourist destination in Da Nang. Nam O Reef is a pristine beach located in Hoa Hiep ward in Linh Chieu district, 20 km northwest from the center of Da Nang City. Nam O Reef has large rocks of different sizes, covered with green moss, making them a great spot for impressive photographs. This is the place where locals come for picnicking and swimming during weekends.
Admission Fee: Free

Hoi An Ancient Town is impossible not to mention when talking about Da Nang attractions. Although not in the territory of Da Nang city, Hoi An is still one of the top destinations to visit when coming to Da Nang. Hoi An, located about 30 km from Da Nang City, is one of favorite destinations for many tourists as it is a cute little seaside town, famous for beautiful ancient architecture, local cuisine and full of colorful lanterns. Hoi An Ancient Town was recognized by UNESCO as a world cultural heritage in 1999. When the sun goes down, the scenery of Hoi An ancient town becomes more and more sparkling with houses lit by thousands of colorful lanterns.

You can explore attractions such as Hoi An Museum, Chinese Assembly Halls, and the Japanese Covered Bridge as well as ride a basket boat and play traditional games by joining Hoi An City and Countryside Tour.
Entrance Fee: 120,000 VND per person (if you want to visit the most famous tourist attractions in Hoi An such as the old houses, assembly halls)

Da Nang and Hue is a popular travel route for tourists. Hue is the imperial capital city of Vietnam and it is famous for its charming beauty, rich culture and history. There are lots of famous tourist attractions in Hue such as the royal Citadel, holy pagodas, Perfume River, temples and royal tombs. Traveling from Da Nang to Hue takes about 2.5-3 hours. You can easily take a day tour from Da Nang and visit the main historical sites of Hue city in one day with Hue City Tour from Da Nang.

You can pre-book a Private Car Charter and create your own itinerary to visit your favorite Da Nang tourist attractions.
If you are flying to Da Nang, book a discounted Vietnam SIM Card online and pick it up on arrival at Da Nang International Airport.




By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies. Learn more




















The Crazy Tourist
Home » Travel Guides » Vietnam » 25 Best Things To Do In Da Lat (Vietnam)
Located in the south of Vietnam is charming Da Lat which is known as a top destination for domestic honeymooners. Da Lat is mostly comprised of a scenic mountain town that used to be a hill station during the French colonial period when people came here on holiday in search of cooler weather.
As a result, you will find scenic French colonial style architecture all over the town, and if you want to explore a little further then you will find some of the best scenery in the country. As well as the city proper, the environs of Da Lat are known for gorgeous lakes, flower gardens, lush forests and quaint hill towns, so if you like trekking then this is also a great choice.
Here are the 25 best things to do in Da Lat…
Bao Dai was famous for being the last emperor of Vietnam and ascended to the throne was he was just 12 years old.
He was also known for owning a summer palace in Da Lat which was built in 1933. Bao Dai used the palace as his summer retreat when temperatures got too hot in other parts of Vietnam and now you can visit in person and see how he would have holidayed in the days of old.
The home is still much as it would have been in the past and is filled with Bao Dai’s furniture as well as his personal possessions.
Datanla Waterfalls is one of the most famous set of falls in Da Lat and you can easily reach this gushing cataract from the center of town.
As well as trekking to the falls, you can even enjoy a series of adrenalin filled rides here such as a small roller coaster which will take you from the summit of the falls down to the limpid pools below.
If that sounds a little bit much, then you can simply walk along the trails next to the waterfall and enjoy the cool mist and limpid pools at the base.
The Lake of Sighs is steeped in local legend in Da Lat as it is actually the place where several star-crossed lovers met but were unable to be together.
The legend is indeed a little sad, but the lake itself is beautiful and is actually paradoxically very popular with local couples.
Nowadays you can rent a paddle boat and go out on the water which allows you to take in all the sights in Da Lat from a different vantage point.
As if that wasn’t romantic enough, you can also take a dreamy horse and carriage ride around the edges of the lake.
Linh Phuoc Pagoda is one of the most famous temples in the country, in part thanks to its bell tower which stands at a height of 37 meters.
This makes it the tallest bell tower of its kind in all of Vietnam and there is also a colorful central hall here which has a series of murals that tell the story of the life of Buddha.
If you want to learn more about the history of Buddhism then this is a great spot to visit and the pagoda is also set in the middle of a series of lush grounds and lakes.
Da Lat has made a name for itself in Vietnam thanks to its pretty scenery and the flowers here are no exception.
If you want to witness these firsthand then head to the Dalat Flower Gardens which stretch for some 7,000 square meters and have more than 300 kinds of flowers on display.
One of the best things about the gardens is that the flowers all bloom at different times of the year so whenever you choose to visit, you are guaranteed to see something of interest.
If you want to see the gardens at the height of their beauty however, then try to visit in the summer months.
One of the quirkiest attractions in Da Lat is known by its nickname Crazy House although its real name is the Hang Nga Guest House and Art Gallery.
The reason for its name is that the house is built to resemble a tree and was designed in 1990 by Dang Viet Nga who is a famous Vietnamese architect.
There are around a dozen rooms here which are all designed with a different theme in mind and you will find tunnels and ladders here as well as statues of bears, tigers and kangaroos.
If you don’t fancy staying here then it is still worth checking out from the outside, just to see a different side of Vietnamese architecture in Da Lat.
Dalat Market is a great place to visit if you want to see a more traditional side of the city.
Here you will find some 1,000 shops which are located across several buildings and it appears as if there is nothing they don’t sell here.
You will find stalls piled high with colorful fresh produce, or there is also a rather gruesome fresh meat section.
As if that wasn’t enough, you can also find pretty flower shops as well as other stalls that sell bottles of the local wine.
This is also a good spot to pick up some local handicrafts like textiles and other souvenirs.
Xuan Huong Lake is a manmade lake that is also one of the main landmarks of Da Lat.
The lake is surrounded by lush gardens that are filled with flowers and indigenous plants and you can go for a walk in the afternoon and take in all the sights.
Along the banks of the lake you will find graceful willow and peach trees and there are also some little cafes where you can have a drink and enjoy the calm atmosphere.
Other popular activities at the lake include horse and cart rides, and you can also take a pedal boat out on the lake itself if you are feeling active.
Da Lat Train Station was built in 1943 and although it is small, it offers you a great glimpse of how people would have traveled in the days of old.
The traditional ticket windows are still here and there is also a delightful steam train on show.
You can take the train, which is a wood burning locomotive, for around 5 kilometers up a mountain pass which ends in the idyllic village of Trai Mar.
One thing to note however is that you need four passengers in order for the train to run so you may have to hang around if no one else shows up.
Like so many other attractions in Da Lat, Elephant Falls actually has another name which is Lieng Rewoa Waterfall, although the reason for this is that Lieng Rewoa actually means Elephant Falls in the local K’ho ethnic language.
This cataract is less visited than other falls in the region as it is more difficult to get to, but this means that you can skip the crowds on a trip here and just enjoy the peace and quiet of the lipid pools and gushing water.
The falls are also close to Linh An Tu Pagoda so you can easily combine a visit to both in an afternoon.
Lam Ty Ni Pagoda is also known as Mad Monk Temple and is made up of a small monastery set inside a traditional garden.
There is also an art gallery on the grounds here which is run by resident Zen Buddhist monk Vien Thuc.
As such, you can tour the monastery and also check out his paintings at the same time and even pick up a piece of monastic art work to take home with you.
If you opt to take a guided tour of Da Lat then you will almost certainly drop by here as this is one of the premium attractions in town.
The 100 Roofs Cafe is designed in much the same style as the Crazy House which is why it is one of the most unique watering holes in Da Lat.
One a visit here you will find a labyrinth of winding tunnels and rooms and you could be forgiven for thinking that you had wandered into Middle Earth and a scene from the Hobbit.
They also have a picturesque roof garden which looks like something out of a fairytale and this is great place to watch the sunset with a cold drink.
Lat Village, also known by its other moniker Chicken Village, is so named because of the huge chicken statue that stands at the entrance.
There are several legends that relate to the chickens, but the main reason to come here is to get a glimpse of rural life in Vietnam and enjoy this bustling farming community.
You can also buy local handicrafts here like cotton textiles, local wine and traditional silk pieces which make good souvenirs.
If you want to visit one of the less well known pagodas in Da Lat then consider a trip to Linh Son Pagoda.
This neighborhood pagoda is located on a hill that looks over Da Lat and lets you enjoy the pretty views over the city.
One of the most amazing things about the temple is that it also has its own tea and coffee plantations so you can also check out the monks harvesting the crops when they are in season.
The Pongour Falls gush down from a height of 20 meters and jut out of the side of scenic mountains on the edge of Da Lat.
The mountains are 100 meters wide in the height of the rainy season which means that they are also the largest falls in Vietnam.
As you trek up to the falls you will be able to hear the sound of the water crashing onto the rocks below when you are still a long way off, and you can cool off in the mist from the cataract at the end of the hike.
The French Quarter in Da Lat is the one of the prettiest parts of the city.
Here you can see how the French colonialists would have holidayed in the days of old and the quarter lies along the Tran Hung Dao Road.
Here you can take in the graceful French colonial villas, many of which date from the 1920s and 30s.
As you wander along the road, you can also check out the schools and churches that are also built in the same style.
Prenn Falls is one of the premium attractions in Da Lat and soars to a height of 10 meters.
The falls are particularly busy at the weekends and around major holidays so you may want to plan accordingly.
It is around a 10 kilometer walk from Da Lat to the falls and you can also take cable car here, or use a path behind the falls, although bear in mind that you will get very wet if you take this option.
The falls are also close to Au Lac Temple so you can also visit both at the same time.
Truc Lam Pagoda is one of the newest temples in Da Lat but this also means that it is one of the prettiest.
The pagoda sits on the Phuong Hoang Mountain which is close to the scenic Tuyen Lam Lake and there is a large cast bronze bell here as well as carved images of the Buddha.
One of the great things about the temple is that you can travel here by cable car and take in the views from the top.
The Valley is Love is not a valley at all but actually a theme park that is often visited by Vietnamese couples.
The park is set amidst lush green hills and backs on to lakes and gardens which are the perfect spot to have a picnic.
There is an amusement park here as well that is staffed by locals dressed up as cowboys and you can even take horse or pony rides or take a swan shaped pedal boat out on one of the lakes.
If you are looking for some cheap and cheerful local bites during the day then head to the Central Market in Da Lat.
Here you will find a huge number of street food stall selling simple noodle dishes as well as fried snacks and barbecued meats.
This is also a good place to come for breakfast when the market is bustling although you won’t have much luck in the evening as everything closes down so make sure to come early.
One of the nicest pagodas in Da Lat is the Thien Vuong Pagoda which is sometimes called the Chinese Pagoda as it was built by the Chinese local community.
The pagoda is also part of a monastery that features three important Buddhist statues that date back to the 16th century and as the pagoda is located in the hills behind Da Lat, you can come here and drink in the crisp air and relaxed setting.
If you want to get a look at some of the local architecture in Da Lat then head for the Da Lat Cathedral which looks more like a gingerbread house than anything else.
The cathedral was built n 1931 and completed in 1942 and would have been the place of worship for the French colonialists on the days of old.
The building is topped with a pretty spire and weathervane in the shape of a cockerel although you may have to stick to admiring it from the outside as it is closed except for services at the weekends.
If you want to learn a little bit about the history of Da Lat then head to the Lam Dong Museum.
Here you will find a splendid natural history gallery which has a range of taxidermy animals like wildcats as well as photographs of the indigenous people from the area.
You will find galleries dedicated to the Ma, Churu and K’Ho people and can enjoy collections of traditional costumes, musical instruments and ceremonial pieces.
They also have signature antiques such as a xylophone made of stone that is said to be 3,000 years old.
If you are an avid trainspotter then you can’t miss this glorious and quirky cafe in Da Lat.
The cafe is set up in a railway carriage which dates from the French colonial period and you can order food and drinks and enjoy the pictures of famous trains from all over the world which adorn the walls.
Handily, the Dalat Train Cafe is located just up the hill from the Dalat Train Station so you can spend a day checking out all things locomotive in the city.

Bidoup Niu Ba National Park is part of a huge area of forest that sits high on a plateau above Da Lat.
The park is filled with graceful bamboo groves as well as waving grass lands and the altitude here ranges from 650 to 2,288 meters.
You will also find coniferous woodlands and members of the local indigenous community here are on hand to take you along the trails and show you all the flora and fauna.
There is also a visitor center here where you can learn about the history and culture of the K’Ho hill tribes.
The park is around 32 kilometers away from Da Lat so you can visit this as park of day trip from the city.
TOUROPIA TRAVEL EXPERTS
Last updated on June 7, 2020 in Tours, Vietnam 1 Comment
On the central coast of Vietnam is the ancient city of Hoi An. The city is unlike any other in Southeast Asia, and it is built right on stunning canals that lead to the East Vietnam Sea. The architecture is a blend of styles, reflecting the Chinese, Portuguese, French and Japanese influences on the region. Visiting Hoi An means having the chance to explore traditional houses, pagodas and bridges. Vibrant colors, friendly locals and an incredible culture only enhance the experience of touring the top attractions in Hoi An.
The home of Phun Hung is two stories, and was built in the 18th century. More than eight generations of the same family have lived in the Old House of Phun Hung since then. What makes this house truly unique, however, is the fact that it is more than just a museum: It is still a home, and the tour guide today is part of that eighth generation. Follow Ms. Anh around as she shows you her family home, and be on the lookout for the details that make the home unique. You’ll see carved Chinese beam supports, trap doors and a distinct Japanese influence in both architecture and decor.
If you’re a foodie, then there is perhaps no better destination in the city than Central Market. Situated on the riverside, the large market is packed with stalls, each of which is run by a different vendor. The stallholders serve a huge variety of food at extremely cheap prices, including Vietnamese favorite: Cao Lau. This noodle dish made with greens and pork is fresh, delicious and unforgettable. There is also a great fish market which is worth visiting.
One of the busiest beaches in all of Vietnam is Hoi An’s An Bang Beach. An Bang Beach offers a stretch of sandy shoreline and access to the blue ocean, and it is the perfect place to relax in the sun or head in for a refreshing swim. Unlike other coastal destinations in Hoi An, erosion isn’t a problem at An Bang Beach. That means there is more sand than in many other surrounding coastal spots. Countless vendors are lined up under the shade of the palm trees to feed hungry beachgoers throughout the day.
Another of the unusual attractions in Hoi An that straddles the line between residence and museum is the the Old House of Tan Ky. The home is more than 200 years old, and it has passed through the hands of seven generations within the same Vietnamese family. The home is architecturally interesting, and on a visit you can admire details like the pulleys that raise furniture to avoid flooding or the stunning carved wooden balcony. Family members still reside in the Old House of Tan Ky, which brings the history of the property to life in a fascinating way.
One of the most popular attractions in Hot An is the Cantonese Assembly Hall. Also known as the Quang Trieu, the assembly hall sits right next to the Cau Pagoda. As the name suggests, the assembly hall was constructed by Cantonese settlers during the 19th century. Dedicated to the Thien Hau Holy Mother, the Cantonese Assembly Hall was a gathering place for worship and communication among Chinese visitors and residents. On a tour of the Cantonese Assembly Hall, you can admire the structure as well as the decor, which includes a striking dragon made from pottery.
Hoi An is filled with tailors, a tradition resulting from its past as a trading port on the silk route. Subsequently, getting something tailor made is one of the most popular things to do in Hoi An. At a true tailor’s shop in Hoi An, you can browse through countless varieties of fabric, choose colors and then get measurements. As soon as the next day, you’ll be able to pick up your complete suit or dress, or you can go back for a second fitting and get the perfect fit. Don’t be afraid to haggle on the deposit, paying only the full amount once the tailoring or garment is complete.
Phuc Kien is the common name for the Fujian Assembly Hall. Like other assembly halls in the city, Phuc Kien served as the gathering place for residents, traders and visitors from a specific area in China called Fujian. Later, the assembly hall transformed into a religious site to honor the deity Thien Hau. Visiting the Fujian Assembly Hall means being able to spot the colorful fountains in the courtyard, the ornate gates surrounding the property and the beautifully carved dragons in the main room. The Fujian Assembly Hall is still a popular place among visitors and residents of Fujian origin and ancestry.
There is no shortage of shopping opportunities in the city, but one of the most interesting is found at the Hoi An Night Market. The market is located on Nguyen Hoang Street, just opposite the Japanese Covered Bridge. The market opens around five each evening, when more than 500 vendors open up their stalls to sell everything from souvenirs to clothing to fresh food. Perhaps the most-spotted item for sale is the paper lantern, which glows beautifully after nightfall. You can buy a colorful lantern to cast a glow as you shop, or you can take it home as a way to remember the colors, vibrancy and excitement of the Hoi An Night Market.
The Japanese Covered Bridge, also known as the Cau Chua Pagoda, is one of the most visited landmarks in the city. The bridge was built in the 17th century to link Tran Phu St with Nguyen Thi Minh Khai St. This allowed the Japanese quarter of Hoi An to be accessible from the Chinese neighborhoods. The bridge is covered and resembles a Japanese pagoda, and its original style has been carefully preserved for the last 400 years. The covered bridge has a practical purpose, to shelter those crossing from the elements, but it is also decorative and is covered with ornate carvings depicting animals.
The Old Town of Hoi An is an remarkably well-preserved South-East Asian trading port dating from the 15th to the 19th century. Many of the historic buildings are built in a traditional Chinese style, and the roads are narrow and winding. Classical music is piped into the Old Town, and a single ticket allows you entrance into the main attractions. Highlights of the Old Town Include the Japanese Covered Bridge, the three so-called Old Houses and the Quan Cong Temple. There are several museums in the Old Town, but you may want to skip them in favor of watching the incredible folk music performances held several times each day at the Hoi An Handicraft Workshop.
Greg says
November 8, 2017
For me, Hoi An is the most beautiful place in Vietnam. Everyone should spend at least three days in it to get to know the different faces of this amazing city 🙂
By posting a comment, you agree to our comment policy.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment
Name *
Email *
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.


Copyright © 2021· Touropia.com · About · Contact · Privacy Policy · Disclaimer
The best attractions in Hue comprise well-preserved remnants of Nguyen Dynasty, royal tombs, and ornate pagodas, most of which are easily accessible on foot or bicycle. Once the capital of Vietnam between 1802 and 1945, Hue was ruled by 10 emperors of the Nguyen Dynasty before its last ruler abdicated the throne in 1945 in favour of the Ho Chi Minh’s communist government in Hanoi. For anyone interested in the cultural history of Vietnam, Hue is a goldmine of tombs, pagodas, castles and ruins.
Set overlooking the expansive Perfume River, a vast majority of these ancient buildings have managed to survive violent wars throughout the years, which led to UNESCO listing them as World Cultural Heritage Sites. Attracting millions of visitors from all over the world thanks to its status as an epicentre of historical and cultural structures, read on for our comprehensive guide of Hue’s most popular attractions.
Hue Imperial City, set along the northern bank of the Perfume River, features hundreds of monuments dating back to early 19th century, including the Forbidden Purple City, royal tombs, pagodas, temples, royal quarters, a library and museum, Also called the Complex of Hue Monuments, this UNESCO World Heritage Site also hosts daily cultural performances at 09:00, 10:00, 14:30 and 15:30. Entrance fee is priced at VND 150,000, which combines visits to both Hue Imperial City and Hue Museum of Royal Antiquities. A 30-minute drive from Phu Bai International Airport, Hue Imperial City is a must-visit for any visitor to Central Vietnam. Read More...
Thien Mu Pagoda is set atop a hill just outside Hue City Centre, offering breathtaking views of Perfume River and Hue Imperial City. One of its standout features is a 21 metre-tall octagonal tower called Thap Phuoc Duyen, which was built in 1844 under the reign of Emperor Thieu Tri. Meanwhile, the main sanctuary houses wooden sculptures of temple guardians, gold-plated Buddha statues, and two-tonne bell cast in 1710. Thien Mu Pagoda was also the home monastery of Buddhist monk Thich Quang Duc, who had self-immolated in 1963 in protest against the persecution of Buddhists by the South Vietnamese government.
Thanh Toan Bridge is a tile-roofed footbridge that’s similar to Hoi An’s Japanese Covered Bridge, featuring ancient Chinese and Japanese motifs as well as ornate carvings of sacred animals. Built during the reign of Emperor Le Hien Tong (1740-1786), this wooden bridge is built over the Nhu Y River, spanning 17 metres in length. There’s also an altar commemorating its founder, Tran Thi Dao who was the wife of a high-ranking Mandarin in the emperor’s court. Thanh Toan Bridge, set within Thanh Thuy village, is a pleasant 20-minute drive from Hue City Centre, where you’ll pass by several traditional villages, rice paddies and several pagodas.
The To Mieu Temple, part of the UNESCO protected Complex of Hue Monuments, was constructed by Emperor Minh Mang in 1821 in commemoration of former emperors of the Nguyen Dynasty. One of the most well-preserved structures in the complex, this ancestral temple houses an ornate three-tiered pavilion, various personal items and portraits of its 10 emperors, as well as nine dynastic urns that were cast between 1835 and 1836. While travellers are free to explore the temple site, guided tours are available for those looking to know more about the history of Hue. Read More...
Minh Mang Tomb, hailed as the most ambitious royal tomb built during the Nguyen Dynasty, is located along the west bank of Perfume River. Accessible within a 30-minute drive from Hue City Centre, construction of the expansive tomb started in 1840 under the order of Emperor Minh Mang before it was completed two years later during Emperor Thieu Tri’s reign. Surrounded by landscaped lakes and canals, Minh Mang Tomb houses 40 buildings in total, including palaces, temples, terraces, and pavilions. Open daily, entrance to Minh Mang Tomb is priced at VND 100,000 for adults and VND 20,000 for children below the age of 12.
Tu Duc Tomb is one of the many royal tombs set within the outskirts of Hue Imperial City. Built between 1864 and 1867 in commemoration of the fourth emperor, the complex also served as a summer palace for Emperor Tu Duc thanks to its natural hillside and riverfront landscape. Home to a massive lake and over 50 palaces, pavilions, temples and shrines, the Tu Duc Tomb offers relaxing ambience for visitors looking to experience the remnants of ancient Nguyen Dynasty. Set within Thuong Ba Village, the royal tomb is 15-minute drive from Hue Imperial City.
Perfume River spans approximately 80 kilometres in length, flowing from Truong Son Mountain through Hue City Centre and Bang Lang Fork. Locally known as Huong River, it was so named after wilted flowers from upriver orchards are carried through its flow during autumnal months, resulting in a strong floral scent. As most of Hue’s iconic attractions, temples, and local villages are set along Perfume River, there are numerous tour operators offering paddleboat rentals, boat rides and dinner cruises at various price points. Read More...
Bach Ma National Park stands at 1450 metres above sea level, hosting majestic waterfalls, hiking trails, and dilapidated French villas. Situated in the Annamite Range, this verdant landscape is a popular retreat for locals and travellers from both cities as there are local buses stopping at the nearby Cau Hai Village for 60,000 VND for those travelling from Hue or VND 80,000 from Da Nang. Home to thousands of rare plants and wildlife, visitors can enjoy a full day (or two) of hiking, camping, rappelling, swimming and even abseiling over Do Quyen Fall (Rhododendrun Fall).
Huyen Tran Princess Temple is an expansive complex filled with lotus lakes, Emperor Tran Nhan Tong’s monastery, orchid gardens, and a library containing documents of former kings and important figures of the Tran Dynasty. A 15-minute walk from Tu Doc Royal Tomb, standout attractions include a 2.37-meter tall copper statue of the late princess and a 1.5 tonne Hoa Binh bronze bell. Visitors can also enjoy a number of cultural activities at Huyen Tran Princess Temple, such as incense offerings, bell-ringing ceremony, martial arts, traditional art and music performances, as well as floral arrangements and human chess.
Hon Chen Temple was built to worship Po Nagar, the Goddess of the ancient Cham population in Ngoc Ho Village. Set atop a small rocky cliff in Ngoc Ho Village, this unique shrine underwent numerous restorations under the reigns of Emperor Minh Mang and Dong Khanh between 1832 and 1886. Today, it houses several relics such as ancient vases, Chinese scriptures, religious figures, and animal carvings. Hon Chen Temple Festival is held in the middle of the third and seventh lunar month every year, when visitors can enjoy traditional rituals, folk dance and music performances by local devotees in colourful costumes.






We try to provide free information that is as up-to-date and accurate as possible. However, if you are planning to travel it's a good idea to double check specific dates and information to avoid surprises.
Choose one of the following to unlock Secret Prices and pay less on selected hotels.
Sign up for our latest offers
Download the app and book on the go
Join now to collect 10 nights, get 1 free*
Privacy guidelines Terms of Use About us
© 2021 Asia Web Direct. All rights reserved. Asia Web Direct, the Asia Web Direct logo, Hotels.com and the Hotels.com logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Hotels.com L.P. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners.
Nha Trang, a coastal city on the South Central Coast of Vietnam. Over here, tourists and locals can enjoy the views of a 6km coastline by the city's pristine beaches. More than that is Nha Trang attractions, activities and cultural for every tourist to enjoy!
Although, it is well known for its beaches, there are ample restaurants, theme parks, volcanic mountains, offshore islands etc. that just enrich it even further. It’s rich cultural heritage, beautiful temples, waterfalls and more are what make it a most sought after holiday destination. If you are looking to make your trip a little more exciting, then we have put together the top places to visit in Nha Trang.
Many people go to Nha Trang without being able to playfully because they do not have a plan, so when they come back, they are sorry to miss this place and have not played all that way ... So, before going to Nha Trang, you have to memorize. These things go for all Nha Trang attractions!
Vinpearl Land Nha Trang is one of the most interesting and attractive destinations at Nha Trang. It is not only a fun and entertainment complex with many unique games, interesting cultural and artistic performances but also a concentration of luxurious, luxurious 5-star hotels and the most modern resorts in Nha Trang. To help you have moments of exploring and conquering the promised land of convenience, safety, and economy.
Vinpearl Land Nha Trang is located on Hon Tre Island, away from the mainland and transportation to including boats and cable cars across the sea. Most visitors to this amusement park choose the cable car to experience the feeling of floating in the sea and watch the whole beautiful scenery of Nha Trang Bay. One of the best Nha Trang attractions is completed with what to do, places to visit and try to help guide you make the best of your time in Nha Trang.
Location: Vinpearl Resort Island, Nha Trang Bay
Timings: 8 AM – 9 PM (Monday-Thursday) | 8 AM – 10 PM (Friday-Sunday)

Thap Ba Hot Spring Tourist Center in Nha Trang is located at 15 Ngoc Son, Ngoc Hiep, about 4km from the center of Nha Trang city to the North. This is a unique type of health care service in one of the famous Nha Trang attractions. The service system is plentiful and diverse, visitors can easily choose a suitable service. Great for a temporary retreat away from the bustling city, the hot springs centre is set against a mountain backdrop with plenty of greenery and flowers.
Locals believe that the natural hot mineral springs help detoxify and soothe fatigued muscles, remove dead skin cells, and supply minerals to the body. Meanwhile mineral mud is said to contain antiseptic properties which is used as a facial mask to treat acne and revitalize the skin. Thap Ba Hot Springs Centre offers a variety of services and treatment packages at different price levels. 
Thap Ba Hot Springs Centre is a great place to relax and rejuvenate after a day of exploring Nha Trang. It has become one of the most impressive attractions in Nha Trang travel.
Location: 15 Ngoc Hiep, Nha Trang
Timings: 7 AM – 7 PM

The Po Nagar Cham temple complex was built between the eighth and 11th centuries by the Cham people, who once ruled the Central Plains of Vietnam, is arguably Nha Trang’s most famous temple destinations. In fact, the Cham people, who were Hindu in origin, had their own Sanskrit-based script. They are renowned for their talents in sculpture and architecture. So they left behind a legacy of artefacts and temple settlements not only in Vietnam, but also Cambodia and Thailand.
The towers of Po Nagar Cham are square red brick structures with protruding support frames and tapering roofs. There were once ten buildings, each dedicated to a different deity, but now only four remain. Po Nagar Kalan, the tallest building at 25 metres, is the most impressive. Here, Po Nagar was worshipped and, according to historical stone inscriptions, animal sacrifices were made in her honour.
Po Nagar Cham Towers are situated on the high ground of Mount Cu Lau on the bank of River Cai, a few kilometres north from the city centre. It is the Nha Trang among best destinations on holiday vacations.
Location: 2, Thang 4, Vinh Phuc, Thanh Pho, Nha Trang
Timings: 7 AM – 5 PM

This temple can be found near the bottom of the Trai Thuy mountain. It is one of the most unique places to go in Nha Trang. It has beautiful Taoist sculptures of mythical creatures and Gods. Mosaic dragons greet you at the doorway. If you head up to the platform of the Buddha you can have a great view of the town and the sea.
Long Son Pagoda is situated on the foothill of Trai Thuy Mountain. The temple is famous for its large white Buddha image, which sits atop the mountain crest and can be seen from anywhere in town. Long Son Pagoda boasts beautiful and unique turn-of-the-century Taoist architecture characterized by the embellishment of mythical animals and sculptures of Taoist gods. It is also a working monastery complete with a school for monks in its grounds. 
From the platform at the base of the white Buddha, visitors can enjoy a bird’s eye view of Nha Trang and the sea beyond.
Location: Thai Nguyen St, 500 meters from the train station
Timings: 8 AM – 6 PM

The Hon Khoi Salt Fields is one of the most unique tourist destinations in Nha Trang, where mounds of natural salt are manually harvested from shallow fields along Doc Let Beach. The best time to visit Hon Khoi Salt Fields are between the months of January and June, when the summer climate allows for the salt to be directed from the East Sea to the fields. It is then to evaporate for about 10 days before it is collected in wicker baskets, each weighing up to 10 kilograms.
Unlike most salt fields in Vietnam, the strenuous task of tending to Hon Khoi Salt Fields is carried out by middle-aged women. To protect themselves from the heat and salt, these salt workers wear conical hats, rubber gloves and boots, as well as facemasks. Hon Khoi Salt Fields are also popular spots for photography, where you can capture great views of the salt mountains and workers carrying heavy baskets across the fields well as a pagoda that sits atop a nearby hill and the great Nha Trang attractions. 
Location: Ninh Hai community, Nha Trang
Timings: 4 AM – 9 PM

Established in 2002, this protected area provides the wonderful opportunity to snorkel, dive and experience the many breathtaking wonders deep underwater. You can also enjoy the sight of beautiful coral reefs and tropical fish. It will be an adventure you won’t soon forget to one of the most Nha Trang destinations!
This is one of the most fun places to go out in Nha Trang. You can go scuba diving or snorkeling or spend the day on the boat that takes you around these clear blue waters. Moreover, you can spend your time fishing or taking part in the various activities that the boat has. If you get a day tour, then you will be provided with lunch and other snacks while you get picked up and dropped off from the city of Nha Trang. This is an experience that is not to be missed when coming to Nha Trang attractions.
Location: Vinh Nguyen, Nha Trang Khanh Hoa Province
Timings: 8 AM – 6 PM

Walkthrough 6 things to do in Nha Trang. Have you ever seen the “color” and the diversity of the city? No need to go far, you can still store a lot of beautiful memories and join a lot of fun space at Nha Trang attractions. Don’t hesitate to schedule it. 
Are you going to Mekong Delta someday? Do you know where to go in Mekong Delta you must visit in…
Ninh Binh is one of the provinces of Vietnam endowed with many beautiful landscapes charming people. Don’t come back home…
Many people go to Nha Trang without being able to playfully because they do not have a plan, so when…

HELP ME PLAN MY TRIP
>
>
If we say North Vietnam is a kingdom of karst structures then Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park no doubt, is the capital.
Phong Nha Ke Bang is the only one destination in Vietnam that has been known for its beauties long time ago yet there’s still something to surprise the whole world. In the past, visitors coming to Phong Nha Ke Bang for names like Paradise Cave and Phong Nha Cave. But now, everyone talks about Son Doong Cave – the largest cave in the world – when Phong Nha – Ke Bang National Park is mentioned which just proves that how immense the nature wonders in Phong Nha – Ke Bang are and still awaiting for human’s discovery.
Phong Nha – Ke Bang National Park belongs to Quang Binh Vietnam. Quang Binh is also the narrowest province of the country and land of five flowing rivers: Gianh, Ron, Nhat Le, Ly Hoa, and Dinh. These five rivers helped created the most massive and impressive karst system in world of which major parts are still being explored. Phong Nha Ke Bang deserves the 1st spot in the list of most beautiful Vietnam landscape.
The national park covers a total area of more than 200,000 hectares including some of the most beautiful mountain sceneries and limestone formations in Vietnam. The forest in the national park takes up to 95% of the whole area. The national park is created to protect 300 caves and grottoes and the also the ecosystem of limestone forest. Up until now, researchers have discovered 20 grottoes and caves (17 of them belongs to Phong Nha Cave System and 3 in Ke Bang Limestone Mountain Area) with the total 20 kilometers in length. The national park is divided in 3 functional areas:

Besides its geography values, Phong Nha - Ke Bang is also an important archaeological and historical site. Researchers have discovered here an ancient hieroglyphic script of Cham people - this proved the fact that Phong Nha Ke Bang had been explored first by Cham group in this region. Phong Nha Ke Bang also was military base King Ham Nghi built for the resistance war against French colonialists in the late 19th century, and was later used as Ho Chi Minh Trail and Road 20 used during the US resistance war of Vietnamese people. 
This cave, shaped by Chay River, is a masterpiece of nature which stretch for 44,5km long, containing 14 chambers on a 13,969m-long underground river. 
 
Visitors can only visit 1500m out of the total length that has been explored by the discoverers. Hidden away the magnificent works of nature, Phong Nha Cave has what to be the most well-shaped stalactites and stalagmites in the national park, glittering with the colorful electric lights. The grandiose of the cave will make you so overwhelmed that the feeling is hard to forget.  A boat ride on Chay River to visit the cave to would give visitors the feeling they’re on a hunt for treasure.
The name describes this cave the best – the most sophisticated work of karst structures. Paradise Cave is located on an elevation of 200 meters above the sea level, near the west branch of Ho Chi Minh Highway.

Local people lovingly gave the precious name 'paradise' to praise the beauty of the place. Located on an elevation quite high above the sea level, the cave spreads on a total length of 31 kilometers explored. The limestone formation inside the cave is even more spectacular than Phong Nha Cave with massive ceilings and columns.
Just recently opened from 2015, Va – Nuoc Nut Cave quicky has become one the most interesting cave to explore in Phong Nha – Ke Bang national park.

The sight inside Va – Nuoc Nut Cave is just so unique to behold – about 1000 white stalagmites formed in cone-like shapes, dipped in green water. Visiting Va – Nuoc Nut Cave is absolutely must-do thing for nature lovers and adventurers.
3. Son Doong Cave
We’ve saved the most important for the last – Son Doong Cave, the more beautiful it is the harder for humans to come and appreciate the sights of it. Just known to the world recently but already the main draw of Phong Nha – Ke Bang National Park, a trip to Son Doong is worth every cent of your money.

Discovered by Ho Khanh – ‘King of Caves’ who also the one discovered Paradise and Va Cave, Son Doong is different from its peers. The beauty – on the scale nature has created for it, Son Doong is just breath-taking.
Son Doong Cave is announced as the largest cave in the world, 5 times larger than Phong Nha and En Cave with total length that has been calculated 9km. There are two dolines created by the ceilings collapsed, allowing the sunlight into the cave.
Main sessions of Son Doong: Hope and Vision, The Hand of Dog, Green Gours, Garden of Edam, Passchendaele, and Great Wall of Vietnam at the end of the cave.

Boat tour to Phong Nha Cave is easy, hence as a result, it’s touristy. Tour starts at Son Trach Town, boat cruises along past buffalo, limestone peaks and church steeples into cave’s entrance. The illuminated caverns will show themselves before the eyes of visitors. Visitors also can visit Tien Son Cave by climbing 330 steps up the mountainside where the 9th-century Cham altars remain.

During floating season, the cave will be closed due to the flood.
- Entrance fee: 150.000VND/person

- Boat fee: around 360.000VND/14 persons

- English speaking guide: 300,000VND

- Visiting time: 3 hours (1 hour for Tien Son)
To get to Paradise Cave, you must also hire a boat which will bring you into the cave through a narrow waterway. Once you’ve arrived, you’ll get off the boat and can wander on foot to admire the cave. Paradise is beautifully illuminated by colorful lights and you can take good pictures of stalactites and stalagmites.
- Entrance ticket: 250,000VND/adult, 125,000VND/kid above 1,3m, kids under 1,1m enter free.

- If you want to save energy, there is tramcar service with price of 100,000VND for 4 people, 150,000VND for 6.

The only way to explore Son Doong Cave is booking tours with Oxalis Adventure Tours – this is also the only tour operator available to Son Doong. This trek requires the highest level in terms of physical fitness, endurance and trekking skills. Visitors to Son Doong will have to go through a safety briefing before departure day, still, at any given time, if the tour guide sees you’re not fit for the trip, you’ll be removed from the crew without refund. This just shows how dangerous the trek to Son Doong is. But it gets more and more rewarding once you’ve entered the cave. During the trek, you'll be visiting:
Tour price is expected to be USD3000/pax for a 4D3N tour (actual trekking), only available from January to August.
With an impressive system of rivers, Phong Nha Ke Bang National Park is a great place to discover the caves by kayaking. This is a must-do thing for all nature lovers to Vietnam.
The nature inside Hang Toi (Dark Cave) remains untouched. There is no electricity to illuminate the karst structures of the cave, hence visitors will have to use flashlight helmet during the trip. One very special feature of Dark Cave is mud-bathing in Thuy Tien or Bong Lai Lakes. Mud-bathing is no doubt good for your health, and mud-bathing in a cave gets ten times cooler!
One of the most thrilling activities to enjoy in Chay river where a 400m long zipline from wildlife observation tower to Dark Cave. You’re allowed to jump off from the zipline into the azure swimming tools below. Chay River has some of the most beautiful and dramatic scenery in Phong Nha Ke Bang National Park. It will be a miss of you skip this wonderfully exciting thing to do when in Phong Nha – Ke Bang.
However, this activity is particularly risky so we suggest you to book a tour combining Chay River and Dark Cave to ensure your safety.
If you're looking for a pretty, refreshing, quite and beautiful place to relax after a long trek to the Phong Nha - Ke Bang caves and grottoes, you need to get to Suoi Nuoc Moc or Nuoc Mooc Stream - a place that is praised as 'paradise on earth'. 


The stream is located near to other attractions in Phong Nha - Ke Bang such as Paradise Cave, Chay River and Dark Cave, Nuoc Mooc still remains its beauty with incredible jade green water and the beautiful surrounding. The water of the stream here is cooler than other places, so you shouldn't visit the stream in winter months. 
A wooden bridge is made to connect to banks of the stream and allows the guests to climb on to take picture. This site is also ideal for activities like swimming (with life jacket on), kayaking and zip-lining.
Visiting The Duck Stop at Bong Lai Valley is an interesting thing to do near Phong Nha - Ke Bang National Park and to support the locals. Built by a 23-year-old, the small house in The Duck Stop has all the typical features of a rural house in Vietnam's countryside. 
By coming here you'll enjoy the peaceful atmosphere of the countryside and get close to the nature and the little friends - the ducks. You can also try to be a farmer for a day with activities like feeding the ducks and riding a buffalo. The ducks here are trained to not be afraid of the guests and they will actually approach the humans first. It's just a lovely experience over all!
>>> Discover Phong Nha-Ke Bang in-depth in 8 days:

Your base to travel to Phong Nha Ke Bang National Park and other sites in Quang Binh and an absolute peaceful town to stay for one night.

The beach is the nearest beach in the area to Dong Hoi City, located right at where the Nhat Le River ends. Nhat Le offers a wonderful seascape with long white sandy shore and crystal clear water. You can also enjoy parasailing here.
The sand dunes of Quang Phu are located only 8km away from Nhat Le beach, a terrific spot for those who love photography. Sand hills here has a moderate inclination which is just perfect for sand sliding.

Located just 25km away from Dong Hoi City, Jumping-Stone makes a great escape from the city life. Being a small mountain complex facing the blue ocean, Jumping-Stone offers wonderful sights of nature where stones with all shapes and sizes dotting on the pristine beach. You can enjoy many activities such as swimming, boating, mountain climbing, trekking in poplar forest.

You can get to Quang Binh from Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City and other cities by airplanes, trains and coaches.
*By airplane:
- From Hanoi: Vietnamairlines has straight routes to Dong Hoi Airport on Tue, Thu, Fri, Sat, and Sun. Prices range from 600,000VND to 1,5 million VND. It would take you 1 hour and a half flying.
- From Ho Chi Minh City: you can book flights of Vietjetair, Jetstar and Vietnamairlines.
*By Train:
Vietnam Railway has trains passing Dong Hoi, prices don’t go higher than 400,000VND but it can take you a long time, at least 6 hours from Da Nang or Hue.
*By Buses:
- Hanoi – Dong Hoi buses cost about 250,000VND same with all companies.
- Danang – Dong Hoi: 130,000VND
- Hue – Dong Hoi: 80,000VND

Are you temped to visit Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park? Why not let us arrange your perfect tailor-made trip to Phong Nha - Ke Bang and Vietnam? Tell us your own ideas and requests by mailing to booking@asianwaytravel.com or by filling the form in Customize Tour. 

Share this:
Tags:


Vietnam has been known as not only the safest destination to travel to Southeast Asia, but also one of the most beautiful. Having a lot to offer, both in culture and natural bea...



It would take hours to talk about the things to do in Hanoi where traditions and globalization found harmony. The 1000-year-old capital of Vietnam is blessed with rich culture, ...



Only 30km far from Da Nang, Hoi An is a favorite destination in Vietnam for many travelers for the atmospheric ancient town by the poetic river, the rustic, idyllic landscapes, ...



Since Ninh Binh was the filming location for the famous movie ‘Kong: Skull Island’, it’s such an unnecessary thing to mention how beautiful and dramatic the landscape of Ninh Bi...



Hue, the capital of imperial Vietnam for 143 years, shines with the glories of the old times. The city has a peculiar kind of conservative beauty and slow paced life style. Empe...

Beaches & Islands
Food & Drink
Itinerary
Things to do
Travel News
Travel Tips
Trendy Destinations

Vietnam Heritage Tour - 12 Days
From $1380 - 12 days









Track KONG's Traces - 8 days
From $1152 - 8 days









Finding Kong’s Footprints - 1 Day
From $82 - 1 day









VIEW TRIP
Send us a quick inquiry so that we can offer you an
itinerary with price for your information. This short
inquiry is FREE and NOT a commitment
for booking.



US$ 25,668
has been contributed to local community
BE A PART OF IT
Find us on
© Asianway Travel JSC 2020- Member of Vietnam Tourism, PATA, ASTA, JATA

Da Nang is one of the most attractive destinations in Vietnam. With impressive natural scenery, unique culture and cool atmosphere, the coastal city will definitely be a good place for your next trip. Let's discover the best things to do and top tourist attractions in Da Nang.
Da Nang is one of the cities in Vietnam that attract tourists with long sandy beaches and natural beauty. Many people travel to Da Nang for admiring city’s outstanding beaches. 
My Khe Beach was voted by Forbes magazine as one of the most attractive beaches on the planet. In addition, Australia's Sunday Herald Sun magazine has rated My Khe as one of the 10 most popular beaches in Asia and many travel websites also call My Khe “the place you must come before you die”. This beach is not only the pride of Da Nang but also of all Vietnam.

My Khe Beach is not too far from the city center so staying there as well as getting there is very convenient. The area around this beach is also the most crowded and bustling area in Da Nang, especially in summer. My Khe Beach attracts tourists with its warm clear blue water all year round, fine white sand, gentle waves crashing on the shore, and the coconut trees lining up the sandy strip and creating a more poetic scenery. My Khe is charming at every moment of the day. The beach is also a good place to do water activities such as diving, fishing, windsurfing, canoeing, and playing beach soccer. You can choose a hotel in Son Tra district to be close to this beautiful beach.
There are plenty of hotels at My Khe Beach. Make sure to choose one of 9 My Khe Beach Hotels with Best View for the most exceptional experience.
Pham Van Dong Beach is located at the end of Pham Van Dong Street and is the most modern public beach in Da Nang. This is the place where tourists come for swimming, picnic and snorkeling. For its quiet waves and cool vibe, Pham Van Dong Beach is a great place to escape from busy lives.
Bac My An Beach occupies nearly 4 km of coastline with white sand and blue sea. This beach is well-known for being home to several 5-star international resorts such as Pullman Danang Beach, Fusion Maia Resort and Furama Resort Danang.

Non Nuoc Beach is located near Marble Mountains. This beautiful sandy beach is a good place for taking rest, swimming and enjoying fresh seafood. There are many luxury resorts with private beach in the area such as Hyatt Regency Danang Resort and Spa, Sheraton Grand Danang Resort, and Vinpearl Resort & Spa Da Nang.

Opening Hours: All Day
Admission Fee: Free
Best time to visit: 9:00 - 18:00
Marble Mountains is the place that shouldn’t be missed when visiting Da Nang. This tourist attraction is located only about 8 km from the center of Da Nang and it only takes about 15 minutes to reach it. Marble Mountains consists of 5 mountains: Kim Son, Moc Son, Thuy Son, Hoa Son, and Tho Son. Normally, tourists come here to visit Thuy Son, which is the largest of the mountains. There are also several ancient temples and caves to explore. If you will climb to the top of the mountain, you will see the beautiful scenery of Da Nang City and the beach. At the foot of the mountain, stone sculptures village by Non Nuoc artisans can be found.
Opening Hours: 7:00-17:30
Ticket prices for visiting Marble Mountains in 2020:

Ba Na Hills is an entertaining complex, located in Hoa Ninh, Hoa Vang District, which is 40 km southwest of Da Nang City. The hill is 1,489 m above sea level, so the climate here is cool all year round. The average temperature in the summer is about 18 degrees Celsius and you can even experience all four seasons in a day.

Ba Na Hills is designed as an entertaining complex for all ages. You need to take the cable car up to the top of Ba Na Mountain. When visiting Ba Na, you get a chance to enjoy the vast space on the mountain with lots of gardens. There is Linh Ung Pagoda, ancient wine cellar, indoor amusement park named Fantasy Park with all interesting entertainment games and other attractions. One of the main highlights here is the Golden Bridge held by giant hands in the middle of the clouds. French Village is a perfect spot for photo lover. Here you can find 3 food courts serving European and Asian cuisines, souvenir stalls with a variety of products and even stay overnight at Mercure Danang French Village Bana Hills. When coming to Ba Na Hills, you will surely have unforgettable experiences and memories as if you were in Europe.

You should buy Ba Na Hills tickets online to avoid waiting in line and enjoy discounts. The ticket includes a round-trip by the cable car, sightseeing, 9 flower gardens, Debay Wine Cellar, about 105 games and free slide in Fantasy Park.
Opening Hours: Daily 7:00 – 22:00
Ticket Prices for visiting Ba Na Hills 2020:
Wax Museum ticket: 100,000 VND per person

Da Nang is also known as the city of bridges. Each bridge has its own beauty and architecture.
The 5 most impressive bridges in Da Nang are the following.
Dragon Bridge is considered as one of the symbols of the city and famous tourist attraction in Da Nang. Dragon Bridge is the most famous bridge, spanning the Han River and connecting Nguyen Van Linh and Vo Van Kiet streets.
The bridge is shaped like a dragon flying over the river facing the East Sea. Dragon Bridge is also the heaviest bridge in Vietnam with a strong dome structure, specially designed body using a combination of 5 steel pipes to decorate the dragon. The dragon is yellow at the day time and extremely sparkling at night. The most impressive feature of this bridge is that the "dragon" on the bridge has the ability to spit fire and spray water at 21:00 on Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays. The number of fire sprays is 9 times, each lasting 2 minutes, while the water is sprayed only 3 times but it lasts longer than 3 minutes every time. If you want to see the bridge clearly, you should book the hotel near the Dragon Bridge.
Han River Bridge is the first rotating bridge in Vietnam. The bridge was built by the contribution of all entire Da Nang people, so the Han River Bridge is not only a connection in transportation but also a pride of the people of Da Nang. Every day, the bridge rotates 90 degrees around the axis at 0:30, opening the way for large ships to pass by, and close at 3:30. You can enjoy watching the bridge as it lights up brightly at night. Currently this bridge usually rotates at 23:00 on Saturdays and Sundays as well to serve tourists. Every year, International Firework Festival is held at this famous bridge. This is a very special occasion for Da Nang tourism to attract many tourists to visit this beautiful city as well as admire the extremely special themed fireworks.
Tran Thi Ly Bridge, located about 1 km south of Dragon Bridge, has received several international awards for its innovative design. From distance, Tran Thi Ly Bridge looks like a wing sail reaching the ocean so this is an ideal place for tourists to take photos during sunsets.

Thuan Phuoc Bridge is the longest cable-stayed suspension bridge in Vietnam with 1,850-meter long. The bridge is spanning from the end of the Han River to Da Nang Bay and to Son Tra Peninsula. The bridge becomes at its best at late nights.
Bridge of Love is right next to Dragon Bridge on the side of Tran Hung Dao Street. This bridge is modeled after famous love bridges in France and European countries. The bridge has about 70 m long and 6 m wide arc, facing the middle of the river, and plenty of space to admire the beauty of the Han River. According to the legend of love, it is the place where many couples can "lock" their love to show the eternal love and faith.
Opening Hours: All the time
Admission Fee: Free
Best time to visit: Bridges of Da Nang are magnificent to witness at any time of the day, but during the night they become even more beautiful because of colorful LED lights. At this time of the day you will clearly understand why Da Nang is the city of bridges.
Museum of Cham Sculpture is located at the foot of the Dragon Bridge. This is a unique place in Vietnam and also in the world research about Champa culture. The museum exhibits approximately 300 original sculptures and artworks. They are mostly made of sandstone, but some are made of terracotta.
For those who would love learning more about history and culture of Champa people, My Son Sanctuary is also a good place to visit as it is the most sacred place of the Champa Kingdom.
Opening Hours: 7:00 - 17:00, daily
Entrance Fee: 60,000 VND per person
Da Nang Cathedral is one of the best known Catholic churches in the city. It is also known as Rooster Church. This church is the only church built in Da Nang during French colonial times and it has candy-pink Gothic architectural style with soaring lines and the diamond-shaped dome.
Opening Hours: 7:00 – 19:00
Admission Fee: Free
Han River is a large river flowing from the upstream to the sea with width of about 900-1200 m and length of about 7.2 km. On the left bank of the river a large market called Han Market is located. The crowded residential area on the left side of the river is also known as the Han neighborhood (the Korean City). The river is an attractive place for travelers who want to see Da Nang at night.
If you are staying at this coastal city, don't miss a chance to take Han River Cruise in the evening to admire the view of Da Nang City’s skyline and the famous bridges of the city.

Those who are interested to know more about Southeast Asian cultures should visit My Son Sanctuary. My Son Sanctuary is located in a valley surrounded by hills and mountains, in Duy Phu commune (Quang Nam), about 70 km from Da Nang. This place is used to be the most important intellectual and religious center of the kingdom of Champa and may also have served as a burial place for Cham monarchs. Remaining temples still display unique and mysterious sculptures and architecture of Champa. Additionally, the traditional Cham dance at the site is also a special highlight of the place. Now, My Son Sanctuary is recognized as a World Heritage Site and is a major tourist attraction in central Vietnam.
There are many tours that can bring you to visit this place. This My Son Sanctuary Day Tour from Da Nang brings you to explore not only the greatest archaeological sites of My Son but also the ancient town of Hoi An.
Opening Hours: Monday-Saturday: 15:00 - 22:00, Sunday: 9:30 - 22:30
Entrance Fee: 150,000 VND per person

Son Tra Peninsula is a place that definitely shouldn’t be missed when visiting Da Nang. The scenic peninsula is located 10 km northeast of Da Nang City center and covers an area of more than 4,400 hectares with 3 sides of it bordering the sea. Son Tra Peninsula is considered as the giant green lung of Da Nang because of the rich nature and diverse fauna it is home to. The air here is very fresh and clean, according to the scientific research, every day the forest reproduces enough oxygen to provide it for 4 million people. Son Tra Peninsula is also home of many species of animals with 22 rare species listed in the red book.
There are many famous landmarks such as Linh Ung Pagoda with a 67 m high statue of Quan The Bodhisattva, over 800 years old tree Thu Tree and the exceptional 5-star resort InterContinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort.

Opening Hours: All year round
Entrance Fee: Free
Another impressive destination in the journey around Da Nang is Hai Van Pass. This is 20 km long mountain pass about 500 m above sea level dividing the boundary between Thua Thien Hue province and the coastal city of Da Nang. Hai Van Pass is famous for being the most beautiful and rugged pass road in Vietnam. From the peak of this pass, you can see spectacular views of Da Nang City and coastline, Tien Sa Port, and Son Tra Peninsula.
In the past, traveling on this road was extremely dangerous because there were so many trucks passing by and once it was called a "road of death". Since Hai Van tunnel was put into operation, fewer vehicles pass through this mountain pass with most of them being tourist buses and cars so it is less dangerous to travel. In addition, the majestic natural scenery of the pass is also the favorite place for local couples to take wedding photos, capturing the happy moments and the nature.
Entrance Fee: Free

Sun World Da Nang Wonder (Asian Park) is an amusement park in the heart of Da Nang City, located on the western bank of the Han River. Asia Park consists of three main areas: a modern outdoor amusement park, cultural park with symbolic miniature art and architecture of 10 Asian countries- Japan, Indonesia, Singapore, South Korea, India, Nepal, Thailand, Cambodia, China and Vietnam, and the Sun Wheel which is a magic door that opens up an Asian cultural entertainment space with modern works. Tickets include unlimited usage of 20 modern outdoor games and indoor play area with 64 slot games, soft play area, sun blaster, Sun Wheel and visiting the most unique architectural works.
Opening Hours: Monday - Saturday: 15:00 - 22:00, Sunday: 9:30 - 22:30
Entrance Fee: 300,000 VND per person

Nui Than Tai Hot Springs Park is the place for nature and water park lover. The park covers 60 hectares of majestic forest, cool streams, and various mineral-rich hot springs.
There are many activities you can enjoy here such as the following:
Nui Than Tai Hot Springs Park is also one of the most popular places where you can enjoy relaxing moments with mud bath in Da Nang.
Opening Hours: 7:00 - 22:00
Entrance Fee: 350,000 VND per person. You can book a ticket with a significant discount here: Nui Than Tai Hot Springs Park.
Upside Down World Da Nang is one of the most unique tourist attractions in Da Nang. This place is fun and good for taking surreal pictures in a completely interesting style, in rooms with upside down concept. Upside Down World Da Nang lets you visit a total of 10 rooms, 7 of which are upside down, such as a living room, bedroom, kitchen, toilet, laundry room and minimart. It also has 3 more rooms with vintage design and 90–degree concept. You can easily book tickets of Upside Down World in Da Nang online to enter and explore the house.
Opening Hours: 9:00 – 19:00 daily (last admission is at 18:45)
Entrance Fee: 99,000 VND per person
Address: 44 Ho Xuan Huong Street, Khue My Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang City
Con Market is the largest market in Da Nang City and central Vietnam, located opposite to Big C Supermarket and Parkson mall. It's often said that Con Market in Da Nang is a foodie heaven. You can find lots of groceries and cheap souvenirs there for bringing back home. Nowadays tourists are coming to Con Market not only for shopping but also to experience the life of local people.
Opening Hours: 6:00 - 18:00, daily

Cham Islands (Cu Lao Cham)
Cham Islands is one of the most famous attractions in Da Nang. Cham Islands is a group of 8 small islands with the peaceful beauty of nature, which has been recognized by UNESCO as the World Biosphere Reserve. With green forests, wide beaches, diverse ecosystem and wonderful atmosphere, these islands are ideal for swimming, sunbathing, camping, snorkeling and enjoying seafood. Cham Islands not only offer beautiful beaches, there are also other interesting places for tourist to visit such as Tan Hiep Market, Hai Tibet Pagoda, Museum of the Sea, and ancient wells.
You can take a day trip to the beautiful Cham Islands and get a chance to see spectacular rare marine life with Cham Islands Day Tour.
Hoa Phu Thanh Tourist Area, located about 35 km from the city center, is a sport tourism site in Da Nang. This place covers an area with over 3 km of rivers and streams under giant green trees. It offers many different sport activities for tourists such as waterfall sliding, zipline sliding, and fish massage.
Opening Hours: 7:30 - 17:00
Ticket for Hoa Phu Thanh Tourist Area:
Da Nang has 3 pagodas with the same name Linh Ung. These pagodas are located in 3 sacred places of the city, including Son Tra peninsula, Marble Mountains and Ba Na Hills. The most famous temple and the most visited by tourists is Linh Ung Pagoda at Son Tra Peninsula, which is also known as Linh Ung Bai But Pagoda.
The highlight of Linh Ung Son Tra is the tallest statue of Guan Yin in Vietnam with a height of 67 m. The statue is standing with its back against the mountain, facing the sea, gentle eyes are looking down, one hand caught the tamarind seal, and another is holding the nectar of water as a peaceful sprinkler for people. This place is a famous sacred place for Da Nang people.
Entrance Fee: Free
Address: Son Tra Peninsula, Tho Quang Ward, Son Tra District, T.P Da Nang
Tuy Loan Ancient Village is located on Phong Hoa commune, Hoa Vang District, about 15 km southwest from Da Nang City. Tuy Loan Ancient Village is over 500 years old. When coming to this village, you should not miss an opportunity to try the famous rice paper and My Quang specialties, which is a traditional Vietnamese noodle dish originated from Quang Nam Province.
Entrance Fee: Free
Cam Ne Mat Village is located in Hoa Tien Commune, Hoa Vang District, 14 km to the southwest of Da Nang. Cam Ne Village is widely known for the traditional mat-making craft, which was used in the royal palaces of the Nguyen Dynasty.
Nam O Reef, also called Ran Nam O, is a new tourist destination in Da Nang. Nam O Reef is a pristine beach located in Hoa Hiep ward in Linh Chieu district, 20 km northwest from the center of Da Nang City. Nam O Reef has large rocks of different sizes, covered with green moss, making them a great spot for impressive photographs. This is the place where locals come for picnicking and swimming during weekends.
Admission Fee: Free

Hoi An Ancient Town is impossible not to mention when talking about Da Nang attractions. Although not in the territory of Da Nang city, Hoi An is still one of the top destinations to visit when coming to Da Nang. Hoi An, located about 30 km from Da Nang City, is one of favorite destinations for many tourists as it is a cute little seaside town, famous for beautiful ancient architecture, local cuisine and full of colorful lanterns. Hoi An Ancient Town was recognized by UNESCO as a world cultural heritage in 1999. When the sun goes down, the scenery of Hoi An ancient town becomes more and more sparkling with houses lit by thousands of colorful lanterns.

You can explore attractions such as Hoi An Museum, Chinese Assembly Halls, and the Japanese Covered Bridge as well as ride a basket boat and play traditional games by joining Hoi An City and Countryside Tour.
Entrance Fee: 120,000 VND per person (if you want to visit the most famous tourist attractions in Hoi An such as the old houses, assembly halls)

Da Nang and Hue is a popular travel route for tourists. Hue is the imperial capital city of Vietnam and it is famous for its charming beauty, rich culture and history. There are lots of famous tourist attractions in Hue such as the royal Citadel, holy pagodas, Perfume River, temples and royal tombs. Traveling from Da Nang to Hue takes about 2.5-3 hours. You can easily take a day tour from Da Nang and visit the main historical sites of Hue city in one day with Hue City Tour from Da Nang.

You can pre-book a Private Car Charter and create your own itinerary to visit your favorite Da Nang tourist attractions.
If you are flying to Da Nang, book a discounted Vietnam SIM Card online and pick it up on arrival at Da Nang International Airport.




By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies. Learn more
























HELP ME PLAN MY TRIP
>
>






Mekong Delta is a large region with a lot of sites to check out and it’s understandable if you feel a bit overwhelmed. We list here all the must-have things to do and see in Mekong Delta for a trip under 9 days.







>>> See complete travel guide to the gateway to Mekong Delta - Can Tho































Yet there’re still some exceptions:













My Tho is just two hours from Saigon so it’s perfect for a sampan cruise from the city. Regardless where you start the tour, the boat will take visitors to Dragon (Con Tan Long), Tortoise (Con Quy) and Unicorn (Con Thoi Son) islands. The first stop is local fruit orchards for visitors to taste the fruits like jackfruit, pomelo, guava, with perhaps some local drinks like tea. A short sampan boat ride through the thick leaves of coconut trees. You’ll visit a candy factory where candies made of coconut milk are too cheap and tempting to not buy. Lunch is also included in the sampan cruise to My Tho to it may be varied.










>>> Need a comprehensive Mekong Tour? See our 9-day excursion from just $898: 














1. Duong Dua (Coconut Larvae)
This is the specialty you can find only in Mekong Delta and not every tourist would willing to try this dish. To protect the biological environment, the mass consumption of Coconut Larvae is prohibited by local government. However, you still can try the dish cooked with Duong Dua if you really want. The most famous dish is raw coconut worms dipped in salty fish sauce. The young white milky coconut worms are kept alive, put in a bowl of fish sauce and eaten alive just like that. 
Despite how frightening it looks, Duong Duong taste so good with  the greasy, rich flavor just like an slowly dissolving an egg yolk. 
2. Hu Tieu My Tho


Originated from My Tho, Hu Tieu My Tho is a famous variation of Hu Tieu which is a very popular noodle soup in South Vietnam. The broth used in this soup is made from boiling pork bones and cooked with ground pork. The toppings are stir-fried ground pork, pig intestines, couple of prawns and finished with onions and bean sprouts. Come to My Tho to try this delicious bowl of noodle soup. 
3. Bong Dien Dien (Dien Dien Flowers)
When the rainy season comes to Mekong Delta, it's also the time for Dien Dien flowers bloom. The flower so familiar to Mekong Delta dwellers so that it appears on so many dishes from hotpot, salad to soup... 
The flower buds have light yellow color, taste sweet with a pleasant fragrance when cooked. Bong Dien Dien is often used in fish hotpot to complete the dish's taste as well as its appearance. The flowers are mostly grown by the locals but you still can find it in wet market. 
4. Banh Pia (Pia Cake)


This is the most famous gift to bring back from Mekong Delta. Originated from Soc Trang, Pia Cake has conquered the whole country and even abroad with its addicting sweet taste and aromatic durian's fragrance. The cake is creamy, nutritious and you can't get enough of it after tasting the first time.
We’ve completed our travel guide to Mekong Delta Vietnam with all the highlighted things to do and see that can’t be missed in your trip. Mekong Delta is a large region with a lot of sites to check out and it’s understandable if you feel a bit overwhelmed. Why not let our travel consultant help arrange your trip to Mekong Delta by sending your request to booking@asianwaytravel.com today? We cater not only Mekong Delta land tours from 4 days to 9 days but also Mekong cruises for 2 days and Mekong Delta tours combined with other offshore island Con Dao.
Vietnam has been known as not only the safest destination to travel to Southeast Asia, but also one of the most beautiful. Having a lot to offer, both in culture and natural bea...

It would take hours to talk about the things to do in Hanoi where traditions and globalization found harmony. The 1000-year-old capital of Vietnam is blessed with rich culture, ...

Only 30km far from Da Nang, Hoi An is a favorite destination in Vietnam for many travelers for the atmospheric ancient town by the poetic river, the rustic, idyllic landscapes, ...
Since Ninh Binh was the filming location for the famous movie ‘Kong: Skull Island’, it’s such an unnecessary thing to mention how beautiful and dramatic the landscape of Ninh Bi...

Hue, the capital of imperial Vietnam for 143 years, shines with the glories of the old times. The city has a peculiar kind of conservative beauty and slow paced life style. Empe...

Beaches & Islands
Food & Drink
Itinerary
Things to do
Travel News
Travel Tips
Trendy Destinations

BEST OF MEKONG DELTA 4 DAYS
From $313 - 4 days









CENTRAL HIGHLANDS & SOUTHERN ADVENTURE 14 DAYS
From $930 - 14 days

THE LOST OF CIVILIZATION JAYAVARMAN CRUISE
From $1809 - 8 days

Mekong Delta - Ho Chi Minh City Tour- 4 Days
From $409 - 4 days

Mekong Waterway to Con Dao Island - 5 Days
From $538 - 5 days
VIEW TRIP
Send us a quick inquiry so that we can offer you an
itinerary with price for your information. This short
inquiry is FREE and NOT a commitment
for booking.

US$ 25,668
has been contributed to local community
BE A PART OF IT
Find us on
© Asianway Travel JSC 2020- Member of Vietnam Tourism, PATA, ASTA, JATA

Mui Ne - Phan Thiet is a famous tourist destination in Vietnam, which is known by many people for its long stretches of white sand and blue sea. Many people mistakenly think that Mui Ne has only the beach as there plenty countless beautiful and interesting places to explore. The list of Mui Ne top attractions will help you choose the best things to do in Phan Thiet.
You will find several beautiful beaches in Mui Ne that are suitable for swimming and enjoying beach sports and activities. However, this dreamy place also has countless other beautiful and interesting places to explore. Mui Ne is the ideal place for you to drop your soul after the hustle and bustle of life in big cities such as Ho Chi Minh City or Hanoi.
The best places to visit in Mui Ne and surrounding areas are listed below.
Mui Ne Sand Dunes is the place not to be missed when traveling to Mui Ne, Phan Thiet. These sand hills are also known as the flying sand hills because their shape changes continuously for hours. Every day, the shape of sand hills in the afternoon is not like the shape of sand hills in the morning. In addition to the beautiful shape from the erosion of the wind, Mui Ne Sand Dunes have up to 18 different fancy colors such as yellow, red, black, gray, white, pink, creating spectacular scenery.
Hon Rom area’s Red Sand Dunes, that are located only about 2 km from Mui Ne town, stretch for many kilometers from Binh Thuan to Ninh Thuan. This place is a very popular spot during sunrise and sunset because it attracts travelers by giving the feeling of standing in the desert in the Middle East.
Up on the sand dunes, you can rent a board and try sand-boarding for only about 5,000-10,000 VND. The best time to visit sand dunes is in the early morning or evening to avoid the heat. If you will come by a motorbike, it can be parked at the restaurant opposite the sand dune area.
Mui Ne Red Sand Dunes can also be reached by a public transportation as two local bus routes Mui Ne Bus 1 and Mui Ne Bus 9 are passing by.
Mui Ne Fishing Village, located nearby Mui Ne town, stretches along the coast for about 100 meters. Mui Ne Fishing Village is the place where you can explore the daily life of fishermen and immerse yourself into the local’s life as well as buy cheap fresh seafood. As soon as you step into the fishing village, you can witness hundreds of colorful fishing boats anchored on the sea.
If you come in the morning around 6:00 - 7:00, you will witness the bustling shopping scene with seafood trading activities and will be able to buy fresh seafood such as lobster, crab, squid, fish right on the harbor and enjoy it right at the spot. Catching the sunset in the fishing village is also an interesting experience.
Address: Huynh Thuc Khang Street, about 200 meters from Mui Ne bus station
Fairy Spring or Suoi Tien is a small stream located next to Hon Rom, in Mui Ne ward, Phan Thiet City. On one side of the stream, there is a red sand hill and on the other side, a vast green coconut grove. The stream is quite shallow, just up on the ankle, and the deepest place is only knee level so you can easily walk barefoot in the middle of the stream. Steep limestone cliffs and orange water from the red sand hill gentle flowing along the stream combined with the surrounding hills and mountains creates a beauty that makes you feel like in a fairy-tale place.
Fairy Spring is also the place for photography-loving travelers to have impressive shots of daily life and extraordinary landscapes of Mui Ne, Phan Thiet.
Bai Rang Beach with dense coconut palms lining up the wide golden sandy beach is regarded as the most beautiful beach in Mui Ne, Phan Thiet. Bai Rang Beach is an ideal stop for those who seek a relaxing and peaceful atmosphere. The best way to fully enjoy the vibe of Bai Rang Beach is staying at one of nice resorts nearby to admire the spectacular view.

Best rated resorts on Bai Rang Beach are as follows:
Muong Thanh Holiday Muine Hotel
Little Muine Cottages Resort
Muine de Century Resort & Spa
If you are thinking of an island, then you are wrong, as Hon Rom is actually a 17 km long picturesque beach, located at the foot of the mountain. The beach has clear water, white sand, calm waves and no reefs. This place also attracts people with its strangely shaped rocks facing the sea. At Hon Rom you can spend time just sitting and admiring the sunrise or sunset as the scenery here is extremely romantic, especially on the full moon nights. Many people here organize campfire picnics.
Mui Ne Rock Cliffs is a beautiful oasis that has just been known recently. The place has many rocks emerging from the sea to embrace waves, creating a unique natural scenery. Between the rocky beaches, there is a small sand beach. On the top of it there is Ba Vang Temple and at the end of the beach Thach Long Mausoleum can be found.
Located 20 km northeast of Mui Ne, Bau Trang or White Sand Dunes is a unique and fascinating tourist attraction in Mui Ne that you should not miss. Bau Trang is known as the miniature Sahara of Vietnam with wide sandy area. The reason of this place being called "Bau Trang" is because "Bau" in local language means "lake" so you will find two freshwater lakes lying in the middle of White Sand Hills. The large lake and the small lake have the names of Bau Ba and Bau Ong respectively.
Many people also call Bau Trang with a different name Bau Sen because it's famous for its rich flora and lotus blooming. In the lotus season, you can rent a small boat rowing on the lake, fishing, lotus picking, enjoying the beauty of the lake between the white sand, or watching the beautiful sunset on the lake.
Poshanu Cham Tower is located on Ba Nai Hill in Phu Hai ward, 7 km northeast of Phan Thiet center. Poshanu Cham Tower is a group of relics of the Kingdom of Champa, with a Hoa Lai architecture dedicated to worship Princess PoshaInu. Princess PoshaInu is loved by people as she was the one who taught people how to plant wet rice, weave brocade, and raise animals. Every year, the Kate festival takes place here with many special performances in July of the Cham calendar.
Address: Ong Hoang Hill, Mui Ne, Phan Thiet
Entrance fee: 10,000 VND per person
Duc Thanh School is a historic school founded by patriotic scholars in 1907 in response to the Duy Tan movement in Central Vietnam. Duc Thanh School is also the place associated with a part of President Ho Chi Minh's life. The school is still quite well preserved in the tranquil scenery and lush gardens.
Address: Ong Hoang Hill, Mui Ne, Phan Thiet
Opening hours: 07:00- 18:00
Van Thuy Tu Temple with the majestic architecture is one of the oldest relics in Binh Thuan province. The temple, located on Ngu Ong Street in Duc Thang ward of Phan Thiet City, is the place to worship Nam Hai god - Ca Ong, according to the belief of fishermen in the area.
Ke Ga Lighthouse is a 64 m high structure with 200 spiral stairs which is the oldest and highest lighthouse in the region. The special feature of Ke Ga Lighthouse is its surroundings of the natural unique stone and clear blue water.
From the peak of the lighthouse, you can see a vast expanse of sea and sky, as well as enjoy cool ocean winds. From Phan Thiet City, you can take Phan Thiet bus route number 6 for a distance of over 30 km to get to Ke Ga lighthouse in Ham Thuan Nam district.
Cu Lao Cau is a small island rising in the middle of the sea, located about 10 km away from the mainland in Tuy Phong District of Binh Thuan Province. From Ca Na port (Cảng cá Cà Ná), you can take the boat to this island. It takes about 1 hour to get to the island and the price should be about 250,000 VND for a round trip.
On the island, there are thousands of unique stones in different colors and shapes. Cu Lao Cau Island is also one of the best places for scuba diving and exploring coral reefs in Mui Ne.
Hon Ghenh Island, locally called Mount Lao, is a relatively new tourist atraction in Mui Ne, located less than 1 km from the coast. At first glance, Hon Ghenh looks like a giant sea turtle swimming on the shore. Hon Ghenh Island is another good place for snorkeling to see fancy coral reefs or simply sitting on the rocky shore to admire the beauty of nature.
To reach Hon Ghenh, you need to hire a boat of fishermen for about 200,000 - 300,000 VND per boat for up to 10 people or ask your hotel to arrange it. The boat ride to this island takes only 10 minutes.
RD Wine Castle is one of the very special wine cellars in Vietnam with European-style architecture which is extremely luxurious and noble. The castle is home to thousands of wines. When coming to RD Wine Castle, you can visit the process of making a bottle of wine in the underground wine cellar and enjoy wines. In addition, you can try fishing or golf at the nearby Sea Links golf course.
Address: Quarter 1, Ham Tien (belonging to Sea Links Golf Country Club)
Entrance Fee: 100,000 VND per person
Ong Dia Rock Beach or Bai da Ong Dia is located on Nguyen Dinh Chieu Street, half way between Mui Ne and Phan Thiet City. There is a wide collection of rocks of all shapes. In particular, there is a rock breakwater and a stone road running straight to the sea, which became an interesting spot for tourists to take photos.
Chua Chan Mountain, also known as Gia Lao Mountain, is another interesting tourist destination in Phan Thiet. Chua Chan Mountain with a height of 800 m above sea level is the second highest mountain in the Southern region and Mekong Delta. Chua Chan Mountain is famous for its majestic scenery. On the mountain, there are many spiritual relics such as Buu Quang Pagoda, also known as Gia Lao Pagoda, attracting many tourists.
Phu Quy Island is a small island located quite far from Phan Thiet City, about 120 km away. Phu Quy Island is the favorite destination for many tourists who like the tranquil beauty. It’s actually an archipelago comprising 10 small islands, of which just Phu Quy is inhabited and the largest in pristine condition. In addition, Phu Quy island also contains many interesting places to visit such as Linh Quang Pagoda, Phong Dien Palace, and Linh Son Pagoda. The best time to visit Phu Quy Island is from December to June, as at that time the sea is calm and clear. To get there, you can take a speedboat at the harbor of Phan Thiet City The trip should cost around 350,000 VND and it can take about 2-3 hours to get to the island.
Ta Cu Mountain, located about 30 km southeast of Phan Thiet, is one of the highest mountains in Binh Thuan Province. Ta Cu Mountain is a tourist complex of forests, mountains, and sea. This place is also an important pilgrimage site for Buddhists. You can visit the cultural and historical relics of Linh Son Truong Tho Pagoda built in 1887, which is located halfway up the mountain at an altitude of 420 m above sea level. To reach the top of the mountain, you can choose to climb over 1,000 steps or take a cable car for just 2 minutes through the vast rainforest to enjoy the beauty of Ta Cu nature.

Phu Quoc is one of the hottest tourist destinations in Vietnam for beach lovers. Phu Quoc is known as the Pearl Island in the southern sky. There are plenty of things to see and do during your holiday on the island. For not missing the best it has to offer, check the list of top tourist attractions in Phu Quoc.
Vinpearl Land Phu Quoc is an entertainment complex with the most magnificent water park in Phu Quoc, aquarium, indoor play area, outdoor play area, water stage for performances. This attraction is suitable for both children and adults.

Aquarium: At Vinpearlland Aquarium Phu Quoc, you will see hundreds of interesting species of marine creatures from around the world, divided into many areas. In addition, there are special and interesting shows such as the performance of beautiful mermaids, or fish-feeding performances.
Performance hours:
Water Park: Vinpearl Land Phu Quoc Water Park is a complex including the beach and series of interesting and fun underwater games for all ages.
Indoor play area: Indoor play area of amusement park Vinpearl Land Phu Quoc has many diversified and abundant attractions suitable for different ages such as 3D virtual world games, fairy garden. There is also a large 5D cinema system with a capacity of hundreds of people.
Outdoor games area: You can freely enjoy unlimited games. The outdoor game area has many unique thrilling attractions such as Flying saucer, Super speed spinning disc, and Giant Ferris wheel.
Performances: On the performance stage, you will have a chance to enjoy fascinating performances by the clever black seal, and hyperactive dolphins.
Show Schedule:
Opening Hours: 09:00-20:00, daily
Address: Ganh Dau, Phu Quoc Island, Kien Giang Province
Entrance Tickets: Vinwonders Phu Quoc Ticket
Vinpearl Safari is the largest open zoo model in Vietnam, covering an area of about 380 hectares and housing about 130 species with more than 2,200 individuals of rare animals. Vinpearl Safari is divided into two main subdivisions: an open zoo and the semi-wild area (safari park). Vinpearl Safari Phu Quoc is an ideal adventure for both children and adults. At Vinpearl Safari visitors will experience many interesting activities such as admiring panoramic view of the park with modern tram system, enjoying fascinating animal performances, practical experience for feeding animals, taking souvenir photos with rare animals. Vinpearl Safari is not only opened to serve as a tourist area for sightseeing but also a place for research and exploration activities in the environment.

Address: Ganh Dau, Phu Quoc Island, Kien Giang Province
Opening Hours:
Multi Animal Show at Flamingo Restaurant:
Entrance Ticket: Vinpearl Safari Phu Quoc Ticket
The trip to Phu Quoc Island will be full of excitement when you try riding Hon Thom Cable Car. Hon Thom Cable Car is actually the short name for Hon Thom Nature Park.
Hon Thom Cable Car is the longest 3-wire sea cable car in the world at 7,899 meters. The cable car is connecting Phu Quoc Island (An Thoi Town) with Hon Thom Island and you can admire 360 degrees of the sky, blue sea and all the beauty of south island from above. Hon Thom is not only famous for the longest cable car in the world, as there are many interesting things to discover, especially Aquatopia Water Park with more than 20 adventure attractions from the world's leading manufacturers.

Address: Red Ground, An Thoi Town, Phu Quoc District, Kien Giang Province
Operating Hours: 8:30-12:00 and 13:30-17:30, daily
Ride duration: 15-20 minutes
Tickets: Sunworld Hon Thom Nature Park Admission Ticket
You can check the complete guide to admiring the stunning views from Hon Thom Cable Car, including things to see, how to get there, ticket price, and other tips.
Going to Phu Quoc and skipping the surrounding islands would be a pity. Fingernail Island is located south of Phu Quoc. The island is one of the few islands off the coast of Phu Quoc that still retains its pristine scenery. You can take a boat to Fingernail Island and enjoy a day immersed in nature, water waves and the white sand beach under shady coconut trees. There are also outdoor activities such as camping, swimming or diving to see the coral ecosystem.

Fingernail Island is not the only famous island around Phu Quoc. There is also Dam Ngang Island, May Rut Island, and Pineapple Island where you can enjoy sunbathing, swimming in warm, clear waters and snorkeling in the ocean. You can explore these 4 stunning islands of Phu Quoc in style by joining Phu Quoc Islands Day Tour.
Long Beach is located on the North Island tourist route and stretches along the northwestern coast of the island, from Ganh Dau to Cua Can. Long Beach was voted as one of the 13 most beautiful unspoiled beaches in the world. Surrounding the beach is Bai Dai Mountain, lush primary forests and many high-class tourist resorts.
Update: Currently, Vinpearl's resort has taken the entire Long Beach area to serve guests. If you want to enjoy most of the time at Long Beach, consider staying at one of their resort.
Vinpearl Discovery 1 Phu Quoc: This is a truly unique resort complex bringing together incredible activities and attractions with a wonderful beachfront suite and villa stay in Mediterranean design style.

Vinpearl Resort & Spa Phu Quoc: This is the oldest Vinpearl hotel in Phu Quoc. Featuring a red roof Indochina architecture, this resort includes guests’ hotel and villas for you to choose comfortably.

Vinpearl Resort & Golf Phu Quoc: Vinpearl Resort & Golf Phu Quoc is offering hotel rooms and private villas with more luxurious facilities. There is also an 18-hole golf course, covering 100 ha of international standard.

VinOasis Phu Quoc: VinOasis boasts the modern design style and the water park built right inside the hotel premises. If you want to spend time at the water park in Vinpearl Land, you can take advantage of the water park right here, because this place also offers unlimited access to Water Park for its guests.

Truong Beach is located in southwest Phu Quoc and spans along the coastline for about 20 km. This is the longest and the most crowded beach in Phu Quoc. The beach attracts tourists with clear water and smooth golden sand. Truong Beach is one of Phu Quoc top tourist attractions, especially for watching the sunset on the sea.
The famous Sunset Sanato Beach Club with impressive art works, dining and sports services such as volleyball, kayaking and parasailing is located on Truong Beach. Every year on New Year's Day, this is also the place where the biggest music festival in Phu Quoc takes place.

Some of the most popular resorts on Truong Beach:
Mercury Phu Quoc Resort & Villas
Anja Beach Resort & Spa
Salinda Resort Phu Quoc Island

Sao Beach, also known as Star Beach, is located around 25 km south from the capital of Phu Quoc Island. Sao Beach is always mentioned as the most beautiful beach in Phu Quoc. The beach is located between two large mountain ranges, providing a quiet space and fresh climate. The sea here is blue, and the sun is not too harsh. When night falls, thousands of starfish move ashore, covered with a white sand beach. Sao Beach is a top tourist destination for couples and families who love private and quiet space for relaxing holidays. The area is also popular for hiking and cycling. You can stay at Phu Nam House - Resort which is located within a short distance from Sao Beach.

Phu Quoc is best known for its many beautiful beaches with soft white sand and crystal clear water. The complete guide to the top beaches on the island can be found here: Most Beautiful Beaches in Phu Quoc.
Phu Quoc Night Market is a famous tourist spot in the heart of Duong Dong Town and also the center of shopping on Phu Quoc Island. The night market space stretches for 500 m along Bach Dang Street. This is the place where you have the opportunity to enjoy delicious fresh seafood and local specialties of Phu Quoc, as well as do some shopping for local products and handicrafts from the evening until late night. The market operates from 17:00 to 23:00 and is especially crowded on weekends.

See our guide to Phu Quoc Night Market to prepare for the visit and feel the rhythm of life of the island.
Phu Quoc pearls are ranked among the most beautiful pearls in the world, so pearl farms became one of the unique tourism places of Phu Quoc. There are many famous pearl farms on the island, including Ngoc Hien Pearls, Long Beach Pearls and Quoc An Pearls. When visiting the pearl farm, you will be able to see all the process of pearl farming in Vietnam, from the harvesting to the final quality pearl product and see the showroom displaying pearl products. You will also have the opportunity to buy real, beautiful pearls at affordable prices.

Phu Quoc National Park is located in the northeast of Phu Quoc Island, about 35 km from Duong Dong Town. Phu Quoc National Park covers the area of natural conservation zone of the North Island, Ham Rong Mountain, Ganh Dau, and Cua Can. Phu Quoc National Park attracts tourists thanks to its natural beauty, pristine beaches and ecotourism potential. The flora and fauna ecosystem is very rich and diverse with 470 species of plants and 140 species of wildlife. However, be aware when visiting this area as you can easily get lost. Therefore, if you intend to visit, you should hire a guide to ensure safety and save time.
Phu Quoc Ridgeback is a breed of dog from Phu Quoc Island in Kien Giang Province. The typical features of the Phu Quoc Ridgeback are long legs, spotted tongue and a sword-shaped ridge on its back. If you will go to Phu Quoc Ridgeback Dog Conservation Center (Thanh Nga Farm) in Cay Thong Ngoai Hamlet of Cua Duong Commune, you will see many rare Phu Quoc Ridgeback dogs.
Dinh Cau Lighthouse and Temple is considered to be the symbol of the island, located just next to the Duong Dong Fishing Harbor. Dinh Cau is a sacred place worshiped by the people of the island and is believed to bring good things to fishermen, keeping the rain and wind in harmony during the fishing season. There is also the lighthouse area, where you can come to watch the sea and impressive sunset.
Phu Quoc Prison, also known as the Coconut Tree Prison, is located in the southern part of the island, about 30 km from Duong Dong market. Phu Quoc Prison was built during the French colonial period and served as a detention camp during the two resistance wars. Phu Quoc Prison is full of the death and torture images that the national heroes of Vietnam once experienced. You should come here once to know more about the history of Vietnam.
Ganh Dau Cape is a spit of land jutting into the sea in the northwest of Phu Quoc Island. Ganh Dau Cape is located at the unique position where you can also see Cambodian sea and mountains in the distance. Ganh Dau Cape attracts visitors by the most pristine and unique natural beauty. The scenery of Ganh Dau Cape is impressive, especially during sunset. This is also a great place to enjoy seafood.
Suoi Tranh Waterfall is one of the most popular ecotourism attractions on Phu Quoc Island, located about 7 km southeast of Duong Dong Town. The peaceful stream originates from Ham Ninh Mountain Range and flows into a three-tier waterfall hidden in the dense forest. From the foot of the stream, you can follow the bumpy paved road up to 300 m to explore the mysterious nature, camping, and bathing. This is also a suitable tourist destination in Phu Quoc to organize interesting camping trips.
Ham Ninh Fishing Village is known as one of the most famous and oldest fishing villages on Phu Quoc Island. Ham Ninh is located on the east coast with a mountain forest behind and the gorgeous sea in front of it. When visiting Ham Ninh, you will enjoy taking a cool bath in the blue water and enjoy delicious dishes made from fresh seafood caught by the fishing village people. Ham Ninh Fishing Village with the ancient features of the old fishing village is also an ideal place to watch the sunrise.
There is an affordable Hai Anh Guesthouse located in Ham Ninh area, only 300 m away from Ham Ninh Fishing Village.

Rach Vem Fishing Village is a fishing village with a very beautiful Rach Vem Beach, located in the north of the island, about 20 km from Duong Dong Town. Rach Vem is a relatively small fishing village, with only 170 households, mainly engaged in fishing. When coming to Rach Vem, you will be taken to the sea by fishermen. It only takes about 5 minutes to reach the fishing village in the middle of the sea, where you can totally see the fish swimming right under your feet.
This place is also famous for the beach with many starfish where you can easily see starfish on the white sand beach.
Ho Quoc Pagoda, also known as Truc Lam Ho Quoc Monastery, is the largest temple in Phu Quoc. Ho Quoc Pagoda was built in 2012 with a unique architecture, entirely made of iron columns. Ho Quoc Pagoda features Quan Am statue and giant bell. This unique temple is located high above so it offers extremely beautiful ocean views.
Phu Quoc is dubbed as the "kingdom of pepper". This place is one of the largest growers of this agricultural product in Vietnam and produces the best quality pepper. It would be a mistake to come to Phu Quoc without visiting the green pepper gardens. The major pepper growing areas in Phu Quoc are Ganh Gio, Suoi Da, Suoi May and Khu Tuong hamlets. At the pepper garden you can learn about planting and techniques, take photos and buy some pepper as gifts.
Sim Wine, also known as Ruou Sim or Rose Myrtle wine, is a popular drink between many tourists visiting Phu Quoc Island. This is a type of wine found on Phu Quoc Island, made with local fruit from the Rose Myrtle tree. The recipe originated from various ethnic minority groups living in the central highlands. Most locals drink Sim Wine when they are eating seafood. When visit the Sim wine factory, you will have an opportunity to see the processing of wine and try wine before you buy it. You can grab few bottles of the liqueur as souvenirs for family and friends.
You can immerse yourself in the local culture and traditions of Phu Quoc with this Sightseeing to the South of Phu Quoc Island Tour. You will have a chance to explore Suoi Tranh Waterfall, Sim Wine Factory, pearl and pepper farms, the infamous Coconut Prison, fish sauce factory as well as treat yourself of peace and quiet by sunbathing and relaxing at Sao Beach.
The nightlife in Phu Quoc is unique and very different from party cities of Vietnam. Phu Quoc Night Market is the main place to go on the island at night. After the sun sets, you can also find a handful of cool bars on Phu Quoc beaches. Check Phu Quoc Nightlife Guide for the most popular activities on Phu Quoc Island at night.

Useful guide to the best places to stay in Phu Quoc with the best hotels in each area can be found here: Where to Stay in Phu Quoc?
The noisy life of the mainland does not surpass that of the waves and ocean, so Con Dao is ideal for a getaway. Just taking one step into this paradise island will make you not want to leave it ever again.
I remember my first time stepping on the sand of Con Dao island on a beautiful morning, I was welcomed with tender sun rays on my shoulders and the salty taste of the sea breeze blowing through my hair. The island was quiet as always – so quiet that all I could hear were my own footsteps blending into the soft murmur of the waves and all I wanted to do was to sit under a tree and watch the vast ocean in front of me. This is your best guide to the Con Dao islands.
On the geographical map of Vietnam, Con Dao is an archipelago of Ba Ria – Vung Tau Province and is located about 230 kilometers southeast of Ho Chi Minh City. Con Dao has an area of up to 76 square kilometers and it consists of 16 islands.
During the time the country was still amidst war, Con Dao was emblematic of how people described their anxiety and fear. Even after the war ended, in the minds of the Vietnamese, Con Dao is still a hell of death where no one imagines that any lives could possibly exist. But then time passed. Existing in the middle of the endless blue ocean above all the grief, Con Dao is changing faster and more significantly than ever before. Apparently, mother nature gave a very sweet compensation to this scary land and turned it into a charming paradise enchanting numerous wanderers around the world. Only by coming here, you can understand why Con Dao has long been praised as “One of the ten most charming and mysterious islands on the planet.”
If you are usually enchanted by long sandy beaches with clear blue water, visiting Con Dao is definitely a good option for you. Just wander around the island and you will find many accessible beaches and each with a unique and wild beauty that is unlike any other.
Possessing an untouched nature with light waves, blue water, white sand, and colorful coral reefs, Dam Trau is one of the most gorgeous beaches that visitors should not miss out on when traveling to the island. Not only can tourists enjoy comfortable moments of swimming and sunbathing but you can also get to know a little bit of its history and culture.
Bai Suoi Nong is located near Dam Trau. To get there, tourists are required to go through a road tunneled by forest. Thanks to this geographic separation, the beach is nearly unspoiled with white sand and lush mangroves, creating a heaven that anyone coming to this island needs to spend some time exploring.
Lo Voi Beach and An Hai Beach are located along Ton Duc Thang Street, offering a great place to play with waves and do some camping. These two beaches are suitable for guests traveling with family and kids since it is easier to reach than others. Lo Voi Beach is famous for its long white sand covered strip of beach shaded by numerous poplars, meanwhile, An Hai beach is surrounded by many majestic mountains. An Hai is also the largest scale beach in the central area of the island.
An Hai beach is surrounded by many majestic mountains.
Known as one of the most attractive beaches of Con Dao, Bai Dat Doc also brings tourists to an unspoiled natural scenery covered with bushy woodland and rocky mountains. Besides, there are some nice hotels and resorts near this beach, so it is quite convenient in case you want to stay over for a couple of days.
In addition to captivating beaches, Con Dao is well-known for these following must-visit destinations:
The Museum is the repository of many precious items and artifacts collected from the painful time of war. The gallery is divided into four spaces referring to these topics: Con Dao – Country & People; Con Dao – A hell on earth; Con Dao – Battlefield and School and Con Dao today. Also, a special corner is saved to display the images and objects of female heroes of the war, like Vo Thi Sau – the girl who died heroically. By visiting the museum and having a look through some 2,000 pieces and antiques displayed here, foreigners can partly see the fearless fighting spirit of the patriotic soldiers during the 113 years of war that Vietnam participated in.
Formally put into use in 1982, this Prison is classified as one of the oldest and largest relics in Vietnam built by the French. During its years in operation, this place held the most haunting memories of prisoners being tortured. Now, Con Dao Prison and its tragic history have become a demonstration of how good people will overcome the evil and violent actions of others. This overpowering feeling radiates throughout this entire establishment connecting one receptive soul to another, no matter where they may be. For this reason alone, this place is well worth visiting.
Formally put into use in 1982, The CON DAO Prison is classified as one of the oldest and largest relics in Vietnam built by the French.
Established in 1993, Con Dao National Park is the only place in the country where both forest and marine life are conserved. Famous for its wild beauty, the floral system in Con Dao National Park is extremely rich with over 882 species of plants and 150 species of animals. A trip to Con Dao National Park will allow you to experience all kinds of relaxing recreational activities, from sightseeing to fishing, boating, biking, etc.
When it comes to traveling, good weather also plays a vital role in order for your trip to be successful! Here is something you should know about the best time to visit Con Dao:
From March to September is the ideal time to go to Con Dao. At this time, there are not many big waves on the ocean so the beach is calm and perfect for swimming. Even though sometimes there will be rain when it comes to the rainy season (occurs in May to November), the rain in Con Dao doesn’t last long and there is still sunlight for you to sunbathe in. If you are lucky enough, you will even see the turtles laying eggs as this is the turtle breeding season. Besides swimming, you can also join a diving/ snorkeling tour to make the most of the great weather.
Some beaches in the east of the island will have big waves at this time. Nevertheless, the beach to the west and southwest of the island will be calmer. You can also visit Phu Quoc from October to February. However, you should choose to fly there instead of going by boat if you easily get seasick.
There are only two ways to approach Con Dao: by boat or by plane.
It will take you 12 hours to travel by boat from Cat Lo Harbor in Vung Tau to Con Dao. The boat will leave at 5 PM and arrive at 5 AM in the next morning. You don’t have to worry about sitting on the boat for half a day as it is also equipped with beds. They also provide food and beverages on board. However, the canteen will be closed at 12 AM. If you travel to Vung Tau by bike and wish to carry your “baby” with you to Con Dao, you can buy a ticket for your motorbike and bring it on board.
Booking information
Ticket office: 1007/36, 30/4 Street, Ward 11, Vung Tau city
Hotline: 064 3 838684 (Vung Tau) – 064 3 830619 (Con Dao)
Booking site (in Vietnamese)
Departure – Arrival hour: 5 PM – 5 AM
Price: (can rise during holidays and peak season)
In the past, boat is the only way to travel to Con Dao. However, Vietnam Airline and Air Mekong now offer a flight to Con Dao from HCMC.
It usually takes about 50 minutes to fly from Tan Son Nhat Airport to Con Dao Airport. This route is operated by VASCO collaborating with Vietnam Airlines and there are around four to five flights daily. The prices for a round trip is quite expensive (about 3.5 million VND which is 170 USD). However, you can still take a boat from Vung Tau to Con Dao that departs daily at 5 PM. It arrives the next morning at 6 PM. The round-trip costs about 400,000 VND (20 USD).
There are a lot of choices for accommodation and hotels on Con Dao ranging from 10 – 200 USD. However, in the busy traveling season of Vietnam (national holidays and summer), it is better to make a reservation two days in advance. Here are some of my recommendations:
Uyen’s House Homestay
Address: Pham Van Dong, Con Dao (two kilometers to the beach)
Phone number:  0164 941 6331
Room type: Double bedroom  and dorm
Price range:
-Dormitory: 205,000 VND (9 USD)
-Double-bedroom: 522,000 VND (23 USD)
Con Dao Camping
Address: 2 Nguyen Duc Thuan, Con Dao (near An Hai Beach)
Phone number:  0254 3831 555
Room type: Bungalow
Price range: 500,000 – 800,000 VND (22.7 – 36.4 USD)
Lighthouse Boutique
Address: 10 Ho Thanh Tong, Con Dao
Phone number:  0164 468 3866
Room type: Double-bedroom
Price range: 400,000 – 600,000 VND (18.2 – 27.2 USD)
The High-end Travelers:
Six Senses Resorts
Address: Dat Doc Beach, Con Dao
Phone number:  0254 3831 222
Price range: 450 USD and above
Pulou Condo Boutique
Address: Bai Vong – Co Ong Site, Con Dao
Phone number: 0254 3831 500
Price range: 220 – 463 USD
Now Con Dao has many eateries serving tourists and selling fresh seafood dishes. You can also save some money by going to Con Dao Night Market to have snails, fish, shrimps, or noodles for around 90,000 VND/ dish (3.94 USD). Some suggestions for the seafood lovers:
Thu Ba Seafood Restaurant
Address: Vo Thi Sau, Con Dao
Phone number:  098 480 15 05
Business hours: 9 AM – 11 PM 
Price range: 60,000 – 300,000 VND (2.3 – 13.5 USD)
Ot Seafood Restaurant
Address: Nguyen Duc Thuan Street, Con Dao
Phone number: 088 817 56 78
Business hours: 8 AM – 10 PM 
Price range: 50,000 – 300,000 VND (2.3 – 13.5 USD) 
The noisy life of the mainland does not surpass that of the waves and ocean, so Con Dao is ideal for a getaway. Just taking one step into this paradise island will make you not want to leave it ever again.
Read more: A Complete Guide to the Best Islands in Vietnam
Enjoyed this article and want more fun tips on what to do, see, and eat in Vietnam? Visit us at the Christina’s Blog!
Hey,
that looks great!
Did you have problems with sandflies?
Best wishes
Eva



